today , the Ukraine parliament dismissed the motion to revoke an article .
the amendment was revoked for mitigation of sentences for economic offences .
in October , Tymoshenko was sentenced to seven years in prison .
the verdict is a political revenge of the regime .
the proposal was supported by 147 members of parliament .
Muammar Kaddafi is buried at an unknown place in the desert .
the question is whether they are the moderate or the radical ones .
the transitional cabinet declared itself a follower of the customary Sharia law .
our lifestyle is neither unique nor the best one and would not be suitable for the people of Libya .
their only excuse is that NATO raids were not controlled by an American general .
we participated in a shooting .
the West will then be able to boast about its selfless protection of human rights .
investors are no longer looking at only Italy .
eurozone statistical offices released their preliminary estimates of economic development in the third quarter .
this confirmed the trend of a slowing of economic growth .
in this year 's third quarter , Czech economy showed an interim increase of 1.5 % .
between July and September , the economy of both the Eurozone and the European Union grew by 0.2 % .
despite the fact that the situation is getting worse , earnings stay under 4 % .
Čech is one of the reasons the representation team will not miss the next year 's European Championship .
the game remained around the mid-field line most of the time .
there was no pressure from the home team .
students ' prayers were followed by their chanting of death to both the USA and Israel .
in its recent report , IAEA stated that Iran has not stopped striving for a nuclear weapon .
students ' prayers were followed by their chanting of death to both the USA and Israel .
we can see the importance of the environment and models surrounding a human being for his or her healthy development .
sausages occur more frequently on the tables of obese children compared to the families of children with standard weight .
over 19 % of obese children had fried chips for dinner .
the research took place at the end of last year 's school year .
it was the second year of the Obesity is No Accident event supported by Všeobecná zdravotní pojišťovna and Unilever .
the project has been joined by over 12 thousand school children .
proper diet and sufficient sports activities represent key defining factors .
the worst discovery was the fact that people do not have breakfast at all .
though over 40 % of children do sports , the number drops down when it comes to their parents .
another part of the survey allowed selected children to compose their own menu .
diet preferences of Czech children are far from ideal as healthy diet .
especially alarming is the high popularity of sweet soft drinks .
the survey showed that children are willing to adjust their eating habits .
many participants showed a significant shift of preferences towards healthy food .
children ticked poultry and fish more often .
I was complaining a bit about the amount of information in the introductory lessons .
lectures by three experts from the field ; dressing tips for figures ; a seminar on how it works in practise .
this time , together with Alenka we discussed how to dress a woman .
the other has a boyish figure without proper curves .
a stylist must know how to add the curves necessary .
in a custom-made skirt , you will feel much better .
boyish figures can wear clothes with ruffling .
I am glad to have a whole week to sort it all out in my head .
we must cut the clothes out of magazines or find them on the Internet .
Saturday 's lecture was livened up by three guests from the field .
a stylist , a fashion designer , and a fashion photographer .
Jakub reminded us that fashion is an illusion .
a trench coat may be worn in the standard way , but it may also be worn on naked body .
I appreciated the following advice the most .
here I finally understood why we drill all the definitions of what to combine with what .
from Ben I learned that a stylist must have more outfit versions prepared .
for a ten-page fashion story , I have to be ready to create at least fifteen of them .
now I also know that a piece of clothing often looks different from reality .
yet her image turned her into a worldwide star .
and if someone lets us create their styling , then we should expect them to give us different size than what they really wear .
both Honza and Mario were stressing that it is not enough to be able to create an outfit .
it is important to be a good psychologist .
if a manager asks you to go through her clothes , you cannot throw out her entire wardrobe .
find at least a few pieces you can praise .
when taking photographs in a studio where the surface is even , the soles might get damaged .
to be a professional stylist is no piece of cake .
an originally carefree ride turned into a drive to work .
nobody obviously wanted to do any extra work .
it promised to shift the old racing series in a new direction .
the game represents a possibly decent arcade race .
you are introduced into a story , where the main character decides to solve some personal issues .
your task is to be the first one to reach New York .
this means each race takes place on a different route .
some of the environments are very nice to look at .
they are just interactive animations , where Jack is running away from someone .
these parts are much less in number than you would expect .
still , this driving model is fully suitable for the action style racing .
from a game of this type , one does not expect complicated collisions .
this is not such a big deal due to the restart system .
if you crash , the game takes you back to the last interrupted point .
this makes it an aid in case something does not work out , but you cannot rely on it .
the restarts are not enough and you need to learn a given section of the race by heart .
a significant shortcoming is that the same things often happen in the same places .
some turns have to be driven through in a specific way .
at other times you meet civilian cars in the very same configuration .
it makes no difference when you get to them .
this is most obvious at the end of the game .
one can understand the attempt at making the game more interesting and adrenalin-filled .
it 's a pity , because the game is entertaining .
it is not important whether the reason you do not get bored is something else .
you have to watch out for gas stations , as that is where you car may change .
sports cars are for cities strong cars for straight highway sections ; exotic supersports cars for technical driving .
these are the races in individual locations you know from the story .
you gain both medals and experience points .
you get into a subway tunnel , where you speed down the tracks .
for several days , our editorial staff kept discussing whether its authors really think we are such morons .
the technical part of the game is nothing extraordinary overall visual impression is mostly pleasant .
it is a pity though , that the recording decreases .
this especially concerns accidents with large number of participants .
in order to please the audience , the soundtrack is flecked in from all quarters .
it surely is a nice entertainment .
participating choirs include the Choir of the Pedagogical Department .
in the evening , there will be a concert featuring university choirs .
the chief organiser is sborů in cooperation with Jan Kepler 's Grammar School .
the entire event is under the auspices of Bohuslav Svoboda .
critics said he was a grey office mouse who cannot fulfil any roles .
he is a person who has a clear vision of where the EU should be headed .
Vicenová further focused on the agenda crucial for the EU .
she said the fall of the government at the time was a great negative .
a new seven-year EU budget needs to be passed .
she thinks numerous factors are to blame .
she finds the concept of two-speed very realistic .
the number of such institutes will be growing ; it will be a highly two-speed Europe .
should someone search for the word , the closest one would be " long-term . "
to the wide public , IMB is a symbol of technological revolution .
numerous world problems can be easily solved if people are willing to think .
his motto become an imprint around which the life of the future giant would unfold .
in the second century , we hope to be able to achieve even more .
she is currently a Director of Sales .
it is a company that helps to solve business problems using technology .
during the hundred years , IMB has grown into one of the largest companies in the world .
its inventions include the cash point , pay card , financial swap , bar code , and floppy disc .
if your business is defined by movement forward you cannot be emotionally attached to the past .
IBM easily builds its foundations on many platforms .
this is how it differs from its competitor .
since 2000 , IBM has sold low profitable assets . during the same time , it has invested 58 billion dollars .
IBM follows the legacy of its first director who increased the amount of investments .
since the beginning of 2008 , the price has grown by remarkable 120 per cent .
it took the name of IBM in 1924 a brand used for company 's branches in Canada and South America .
foundations were laid by a merger of four companies .
Charles Ranlett Flint until 1930 presided over the company 's Board of Trustees .
Flint hired a director to help him with company management .
the leader then put the IBM 's founder in the shade .
IBM started by producing and selling various business machines .
the revenue doubled to nine million dollars .
Watson became so essential for the company that his position was taken by his son .
in 1960s , both people and computers from IBM helped man 's flight to the Moon .
the classic PC came to the market in 1981 .
twenty years later , IBM sold computer production While buying the consultant division .
its goal is both smart exploitation of technologies and improving the situation in traffic .
for commerce , IBM has recently introduced a smarter Commerce platform .
in former Czechoslovakia , IBM founded its branch in 1932 .
the headquarters resides in Prague .
she does not want to wait any longer .
even though she had Iveta move out of
after some time , Darina pretended to accept her husband 's affair .
his wife will not welcome him .
he is the biological father to my sons , no one will chase him out .
I am in charge of repairs and shopping .
Darina and I communicate in a completely normal way .
we don 't sleep together , and I don 't care if she has a boyfriend .
I know it 's my fault and I accept full responsibility .
who of you could resist looking for well fitting clothes and then trying them all ?
many men are literary allergic to their partners .
the higher the frequency of such complaints , the more annoying women are .
cleaning the windows , vacuuming , wiping the floors , dusting , scrubbing the bathtub .
in case you suffer from this deviation , try to realise that order should not go first .
women are focused on relationships .
they are very dangerous for their surroundings .
he added an extra pass and was announced best player of the match .
Giroux scored a goal on the first Flyers .
a second before the first break , a home player narrowed the lead in a power-play .
after assist with Jágr his shot was touched into a fourth goal by Wayne Simmonds .
but he 's definitely among the best three .
I never thought I would play with a hockey player like him .
Carolina made the match more dramatic , making it a single goal difference .
he poked out the puck .
I aimed at him , and I 'm glad it worked .
Špaček did not finish the match with Buffalo .
the Candiens lost their two-goal lead and lost 2 : 3 after a penalty shoot-out .
the home trainer was sorry for high sick rate in the back .
there is nothing we can do about that .
five state travel agencies were allowed in the former Czechoslovakia .
citizens of the socialist block ( i.e. Czechoslovaks too ) were not allowed free individual travel within the socialist countries .
if a citizen wanted to travel , an invitation letter from the country was necessary .
travel agencies would offer some trips to the West .
a foreign currency assurance was essential for travels to the West .
Czechs spent their holiday at home .
last year , Czechs spent 4.5 million holidays .
right at the beginning of 1990 , visa requirements were cancelled .
Czechoslovaks could not get enough of travelling to the West .
another important moment was the introduction of freely convertible Czech Crown .
since 1997 , increased demand allowed travel agencies to prepare regular trips .
by the end of 1990s , Czechs did not need visa for visiting developed world countries .
the next significant event in the history came in 2000 .
direct charter flights take Czech tourists to warm exotic countries .
our country has joined the world 's most developed countries .
general meeting delegates wasted their trip to the National House .
no agreement was reached as to who is entitled to vote at the general meeting .
this single point has been partially settled since .
the Executive Board has not been of much help , though it is mostly preoccupied by this issue .
the argument is based on whether to follow the by-laws or to find another model .
based on the model given by the by-laws , the winner is a candidate with higher percentage support from the chamber .
the election rules defined by the by-laws fits Pelta best of the candidates .
he hopes that the candidates will cooperate constructively .
there are attempts at purposeful adjustment of regulations .
some negotiations are said to have taken place directly in Montenegro .
a lot is in the game .
I 'd fight for him and not participate in the fight .
Paclík 's motivation is to try to prevent Pelta from entering the top of the FAČR .
moreover , Paclík emphasizes that he would only remain the President until 2013 .
he would like to see the position given to an experienced top manager .
I was terrible for me to hear some of them say that they don 't want to identify themselves with football .
this would be even more harmful for the football .
this opinion is shared by another candidate .
one of his priorities would be the strengthening of relations .
if taxes are imposed on gambling , they must clearly say where the money will go .
before the Thursday negotiations , a Jablonec functionary remains an optimist .
prior to the election , Pelta promised he would focus on gaining of financial means .
people at all levels have been in football for long .
but he spent many years in the association 's executive board .
he believes current problems with elections are caused by the euphoria .
regulations that were not as perfect as we all thought were passed at the general meeting in June .
we would have had a President since September .
if I become President I 'm willing to take personal responsibility in case the attempt fails .
many people were caught by surprise by the method of his election campaign .
this is why some of them now doubt his true character .
í would also try to end all affairs .
right after that , I would focus on negotiations to ensure enough money for the whole football .
I 'd need to learn about the job descriptions of individual employees .
he believes that the delegates will not come to Nymburk in vain .
to perform the elections in the third round is something we can get over .
football needs trustworthiness , says Pelta .
he also promised to continue the work of the previous President .
from international contacts with UEFA and FIFA .
I 'm a team player .
I 'll distribute tasks strictly so that football makes big steps forward .
that would probably not please many people .
I believe in systematic approach .
I want to make football for everyone , not just the chosen few .
I plan to do the maximum for Moravia .
it is high time to consider about splitting the second league .
this would prevent the current situation which is a problem concerning young players .
Rajchl does not dare to estimate his chances to win .
the association does not stick together partially as his own fault .
travellers can experience Europe 's incredible water and relax in a Jacuzzi .
there was one thing Iris Meder could not do without : her swimming costume .
she rushed to add any pool she liked to her notebook .
she has very little enthusiasm for sport .
one day , I asked myself why swimming baths always have to be so ugly .
the wellness factor in baths is great because all the senses are stimulated .
swimming baths can be a real treat for the eyes .
the illustrated pocketbook provides valuable information on the cultural history .
most unusual pool design awaits bathers in Längenfeld . the Aqua Dome in Ötztal looks like a UFO landed in the Alps .
the Árpád baths smell so strongly of oil you may find it difficult to believe you are in a health spa .
Iris Meder was disappointed in her search for beautiful bathing places .
when Meder looked through the weather-beaten windows , she could see weeds growing up through the tiles .
decay has been stopped in the Black Forest .
you will not only discover neo-Romanesque elements but also a Moorish hall .
according to SPIEGEL ONLINE , Josef Ackermann has given a working group the task of investigating the consequences .
according to one study , 84 percent find it unacceptable that banks speculate on agricultural commodities .
two thirds demand that other banks cease trading in agricultural commodities .
the findings were made in a survey conducted on behalf of the consumer organisation .
Harald Schumann , shows that betting on global commodities exchanges drives up prices .
the campaign is directed specifically at the head of Deutsche Bank .
most experts now agree that the gamblers have left behind the rules of supply and demand .
he has promised to investigate the accusations .
an international working group is currently investigating the accusations contained in the Foodwatch report .
the investigation should be complete by the end of the year .
Deutsche Bank must remove all investments from its portfolio .
Ackermann 's response is at first surprising , but the CEO would like to present a perfect image .
the survey was conducted for the Forsa Institute for Social Research .
it is legitimate for Deutsche Bank to offer investments .
many banking customers would take direct action if their bank is involved in such trading .
43 percent would recommend leaving the bank .
it made the architect so famous that he also built Austria 's pavilion .
he finally shot to fame internationally with his four-cylinder BMW Tower .
the building was not suitable - it had no walls to hang artworks and poor air conditioning .
the architect has now renovated the pavilion .
the museum is a branch of the Belvedere museum .
Agnes Husslein-Arco was instrumental in the new beginning .
he knew the issues the building was facing .
the problems facing the latest alterations were much greater . the building was " an energy guzzler " .
the window profiles were replaced and the glass roof was replaced by safety glass .
the building has been painted in the old red-brown colour .
we often had to find a material that met with the approval of the monument authority .
Krischanitz stated that the pavilion had been tough drop in the city story .
architecture wants to stimulate a real awareness .
according to a newspaper report , Deutsche Bahn will spend 70 million Euros more in the battle to prevent delays .
investment is intended to improve the availability of the rail network .
the number of external employees involved in removing snow is to double to 16,000 .
the aim is to clear platforms of snow and 90 percent of the critical points .
Rüdiger Grube warned of train cancellations and delays this winter at a summit with government and industry .
Deutsche Bahn had considerable difficulties in its passenger business .
Deutsche Bank faces a multi-million pound fine in the USA .
NCUA accuses a string of major banks of having used false promises to mislead credit unions .
we are happy to have resolved the issue without the parties going to court .
the National Credit Union Administration ( NCUA ) is responsible for the US credit unions .
the US investment bank went belly up in September 2008 .
it accuses 18 major international banks of having taken in US lenders on mortgage transactions .
Deutsche Bank also faces legal action by the FHFA covering multiple transactions .
the regulator is demanding that the bank take responsibility for losses .
until now , Warren Buffett had always claimed not to invest in computing companies .
IBM purchases computer systems for the IT departments .
Buffett had purchased IBM shares totalling 10.7 billion dollars .
his investment holding company has become one of the largest shareholders .
the computer pioneer provides software and consultancy services .
his holding company owns shares in a long list of major companies .
the 81-year-old built it up into one of the most valuable companies in the world .
his instinct for making money has earned him a nickname Oracle from Omaha .
the IBM share price rose by one percent before the markets opened .
big Blue is worth more than 220 billion dollars on the stock exchange .
media express doubt about the rule of law in Germany .
the murder was the result of extremist ideology .
fear and concern has been the reaction to this report .
the extremist network is on a scale that has not yet been fully understood .
is this a revival of the bloody ideology .
the Turkish Community of Germany reacted calmly , remembering the victims during a silent vigil .
just two weeks earlier , the Turkish Community had commemorated the anniversary of the bilateral agreement .
he points out that people have been murdered .
the authors are asking themselves why the German authorities did not look for suspects in right-wing extremist circles .
some writers even go as far as some strong rhetoric .
peace in Germany depends very strongly on how the entire network is uncovered .
the attacks are an example of what it means for peace to be at risk .
the coverage by the Turkish media shows how deep the mistrust of German Turks in the current German state has become since .
straight talking is what is needed now , alongside efforts to reassess extremist terrorism .
UBS almost went bankrupt and has been struggling ever since .
Axel Weber was delighted .
a UBS trader had bypassed all the bank 's security systems and gambled away 1.7 billion Euros .
he will take on the role of Chairman of the Board , the bank announced on Tuesday .
he is an economics professor and central banker .
all at once , he is taking on responsibility for the strategy of a bank .
the bank combined the image of the secretive and solid aiming to become a major player in investment banking .
as a result , in 2007 UBS was managing 1.6 billion ,
Peter Wuffli - considered a highly intellectual and equally brilliant banker .
UBS announced a capital increase .
the bank was forced to announce new losses and Marcel Ospel resigned .
UBS faced collapse from a lack of investment during the financial crisis .
the Swiss Confederation paid six billion Swiss francs to become part owner of the bank .
Switzerland recognised the dramatic consequences for a small country of being home to such large banks .
the balance sheet total for UBS in 2007 was more than five times the economic output of Switzerland ( see chart ) .
UBS also agreed to pay 780 million dollars .
UBS lost something that had always been its advantage .
the bank had lost its credibility in both of its core business divisions .
the problem facing UBS is that it does not having a handle on risk control .
the safes of Swiss banks had become a symbol of reliability .
the bank has its head office on Zurich 's Bahnhofstrasse , surrounded by the peaks of the Swiss mountains .
the Swiss banks have resided here for hundreds of years .
the walls within are clad in marble behind vast leather armchairs .
but both the major Swiss banks ousted the Swiss banking concept .
he would prefer not to see his name in the newspaper .
he believes UBS has grown too big .
the politicians approved up to 68 billion Swiss francs .
a bank was created when the merger was agreed .
I always thought that Wuffli and Ospel were a dream team .
Wuffli , with a deep understanding of models , and Ospel , with gut instinct .
Wuffli ultimately may have made a critical error .
employees of UBS remember the management meetings where Wuffli repeated the same slogan .
hungry for growth , the bank itself invested in US subprime securities .
it developed into a vast machine that packaged up securities based on US mortgage credit .
UBS was buying when the US housing market was in flames .
attempts to clean up proved more difficult than anticipated .
quit investment banking and turn back to Swiss roots .
the new head of the bank plans to present his future strategy .
Italo-Swiss banker was actually only imagined as a transitional solution .
he is now to head UBS permanently .
publicly , he has only so far that he will look for a flat .
the glass was still considered half full last week , now the problems are coming to the fore .
industry in the 17 Euro countries has reduced production and is adjusting to the end of the upturn .
the Eurostat statistics office announced that companies produced two percent less .
we are not an island . we are dependent .
his investment boosted the veteran company 's share price .
the bank is converting almost all its remaining shares into cash .
the Emirates airline ordered 50 aeroplanes .
experts now say the animals can no longer be driven from cities .
experts have said that rooks can no longer be forced out of cities .
conservationists stated that migration was the root of the problem in cities .
there are large colonies with more than 600 breeding pairs .
spraying off nests with water or felling trees has undesired consequences .
the problem in the cities will not be solved .
deterring birds from sensitive residential areas and offering incentives for them to move back to other areas would be an option .
Jürgens was a co-founder of the trail in Schleswig-Holstein .
Jürgens also expressed her opinion on the criticism of the noise the birds make .
the intelligence and skill of the birds are legendary .
the birds quickly learnt that they had to knock over a platform to get to a moth larva .
all four birds used the hook to fish the bucket out of the tube .
Portugal , Croatia and the Czech Republic , plus Ireland , will be at the 2012 European championship .
led by superstar Cristiano Ronaldo , Portugal beat Bosnia-Herzegovina 6 : 2 .
the Czechs only needed 1 : 0 ( 0 : 0 ) in the playoff second leg against outsider Montenegro .
Croatia did not miss a trick with 0 : 0 against Turkey .
Nani , Helder Postiga and Miguel Veloso scored the other goals .
the former Wolfsburg Bundesliga professional Zvjezdan Misimovic and captain Emir Spahic evened the score .
a good quarter of an hour later , Nani displayed his long-range abilities .
following an attack on Postiga , Stark decided the player had simulated .
luck also smiled on Bilek 's team and Bundesliga legionaries .
goalie Petr Cech prevented a potential own goal .
Damjanovic took a shot from the edge of the penalty area .
Trapattoni 's team took the lead in the
Ireland kept up the pace , but had to wait until the 23rd minute .
he had threatened a 25-year-old employee with a firearm .
after the cash draw , the robber fled .
he attempted to swerve out of the way of a van that shot out onto the road .
a 61-year-old female cyclist was seriously injured by a car in Berlin-Mitte on Monday .
the police announced she had attempted to cross the road .
he rammed a parked vehicle and pushed it up against two other cars and three bikes .
the 32-year-old was out and about when she was shot in the back .
the car was hurled onto the opposite side of the road and collided with a lorry .
around 70 cinema-goers at a late night viewing had to leave the cinema shortly after midnight .
fire was caused by a technical failure in the electricity system according to investigations .
the police announced in a statement that the hooded perpetrator tried to grab her handbag .
the police announced that the man attempted to cross a street at the pedestrian crossing on Saturday and was not spotted by a female driver .
a seven-year-old boy was knocked down and seriously injured by a car .
the child ran out onto the road .
a male cyclist was knocked down and injured by a car in Berlin-Kreuzberg .
he had been taken to hospital with head injuries .
the cause of the collision is not yet clear .
the man had skidded on Möllendorfstrasse , crashed into a tramway pylon and had landed on the trackbed .
the fire brigade was informed and had to free a seriously injured 23-year-old .
tenants of the building on Marienfelder Allee noticed smoke on the staircase .
the police announced that four men began arguing with two restaurant workers .
three hooligans attacked 41-year-old man on Saturday and sprayed pepper into face after punching .
the men punched and kicked their victim and fled with his wallet and mobile .
a drunken father verbally abused and hit a female tram driver in front of his four-year-old son .
the police announced that the Transport Authority worker had to stop on Seestrasse when she was suddenly attacked .
the police announced in a statement that a resident noticed the fire and saw two men fleeing .
the 18-year-old tenant was not in the flat .
Pattinson and Stewart signed autographs and posed with fans .
the company announced that around two billion dollars is to be invested .
we will create more research and development facilities and hire thousands of people .
the world market leader plans to double its number of offices .
it contains few big names ; there are almost no ambassadors .
it 's not so much a book about what happened as a book about what it was like .
their lives flicker here like votive candles lighted in a church .
it is a corrective to the notion that World War I was only about the dire trench warfare .
soldiers in this book have beehives fall on them .
when cannon fire is heard , and you are a woman with children , do you stay or flee ?
lack of facts has been padded out with guesses .
the accounts of their lives can be terrifying , but are most fully alive in Mr. Englund 's accumulation of small moments .
there are 837 registered meat substitutes permissible in the production of sausages , 511 registered coffee substitutes .
conversely a British soldier realizes that no one will notice or care .
one would like to think that it might happen in front of an audience .
conflict has increasingly become an economic competition , a war between factories .
soldiers tried to catch a venereal disease from prostitutes as a way to evade service .
the most grotesque expression of this can be seen in the trade of gonococcal pus .
those who are really desperate rub it into their eyes .
he catches the way the war has unleashed uniquely uncontrollable forces .
it 's as if he has reached from his book , snatched that Dramatis personae page and lighted it with a match .
the operation was kept secret from all but a few high-ranking officers .
police Commissioner Raymond W. Kelly was at the center .
there could be no repeat of episodes that created public sympathy for the squatters .
the police operation to clear Zuccotti Park of protesters unfolded .
officials increased disorder training to focus on Lower Manhattan .
the orders came down at the last minute .
the only people who were aware of them going into Zuccotti Park were at highest levels of the department .
officials wanted to clear the park .
Mr. Kelly said many people had been coming and going from the park .
it was appropriate to do it when the smallest number of people were in the park .
emergency Service Unit trucks gathered near the Manhattan Bridge .
as the community affairs officers moved into the park protesters gathered their belongings and left .
no tents were touched until 1 : 45 , giving the protesters time to gather their belongings .
other teams of officers were seen gathering on the perimeter .
journalists said that they had been prevented from seeing the police take action in the park .
a core group of protesters took up positions close to the encampment 's kitchen area .
the highest-ranking officer on the scene was the top uniformed officer in the department .
barricades were set up at Cortlandt Street .
around 5 a.m. , one protester jumped on the hood of a police car .
the lawsuit is the last weapon available to the union in its effort to reverse the layoffs .
Walcott said the layoffs were a part of the budget they signed off on in June .
Elizabeth Thomas said the city had not seen the lawsuit .
it also lost money when the city changed the way it calculates the extra financing .
the union claims that high school principals may have been misled by the language .
sixty-six parent coordinators were laid off and not merely excessed .
Republicans and Democrats on Capitol Hill are ready to agree on something related to the uprising in Libya .
Kerry and McCain introduced a resolution authorizing the limited use of U.S. military forces in Libya .
the bill was defeated in the House .
the chamber voted down a measure that cut funding for American operations in Libya .
the national interest of the United States in a successful and irreversible transition to democracy in Libya .
will the new measure earn the full support or will it split lawmakers ?
across the Capitol , the House is to vote on a constitutional amendment requiring a balanced budget .
lawmakers have been unsuccessful in bringing their amendments to the floor .
the same bill offered in both the House and Senate .
there are at least 15 versions of the balanced budget amendment in the House alone .
some of those bills are identical , but they give their sponsors the chance to brag that they authored such a measure .
the Budget Control Act required that both the House and Senate vote on a balanced budget amendment .
58 senators voted in favor of a non-binding resolution .
several members want to limit the number of terms members of Congress can serve .
Jackson has offered a host of amendments .
some lawmakers also want to allow for the nullification of federal laws .
as eager as members have been to offer amendments .
lawmakers offered 77 such amendments .
the pace pales in comparison to that of the early 1990s , according to numbers provided by the Senate Library .
it was actually proposed by Congress in 1789 .
on ABC News 's " 20 / 20 " with Diane Sawyer , Giffords struggled to formed sentences and needed help walking .
three months ago , she made a surprise return to the House to cast her vote .
in her first television interview , Giffords described her recovery as difficult .
she is seen in her hospital bed .
Giffords is seen sitting up in a wheelchair as therapists teach her how to perform simple actions .
Giffords uttered another word - " toast .
in the interview , Giffords said she has no memory of the day of the shooting .
suspected gunman Jared Lee Loughner is being forcibly medicated .
at one point she said , " I 've been beaten . "
Gabby , you have not been beaten .
you 're going to get through this and you 're going to come back stronger than ever .
the servicemen and women were regarded as heroes .
a senior military officer at the gala saw the troops " role differently .
the officer wrote in an e-mail .
the starkly conflicting impressions illustrate the uneasy relationship between the military and an often distant public .
" the only way that some can be supportive is to cast us in the role of hapless souls . "
the topic is a sensitive one for military leaders , who do not want to appear at odds with the public .
they also realize that the anger was far worse .
Mark Cancian warned them that people outside the military would view their service from two perspectives .
some would look at them with awe because they faced down insurgents and traveled to exotic places .
others would wonder whether there was an angry veteran beneath the surface .
he said that some interviewers had inquired whether he would be able to hold up under the strain .
when you talk about your service , you need to counter the negative impressions .
we no longer value military heroism in ways that were entirely common in World War II .
instead , praise from politicians focuses largely on the depth of suffering .
troops are recognized for the number of tours they have endured .
Pfc. Elizabeth Lyman was pregnant the night she was raped .
the man came up from behind her , throwing her down and raping her .
the suit alleges that Gates failed to curtail widespread rape within the military .
she has been contacted by nearly 400 other survivors .
the defense team for the Department of Defense has filed a motion to dismiss the case .
per a 1950 Supreme Court ruling , the federal government is not liable for injury .
teams of female soldiers are playing increasingly important roles .
between two wars , 150 female soldiers have died .
at Yale , the Veterans " Legal Services Clinic is preparing a case against the four major military academies .
her group filed a suit against the Veterans Administration , charging it with discriminatory practices .
nine separate bills have been introduced in Congress .
in 2010 there were 3,158 sexual assaults reported , according to the Prevention and Response Office .
by the Pentagon 's own estimate , that figure accounts for 13.5 percent of the incidents .
the report also examines prosecution rates .
she reported the alleged rape to military police .
that night , she was asked to recount the details of her rape 11 separate times .
her assailant 's blood was found in her bed .
six months later , Lyman sat through a hearing before a judge .
Lyman was ordered to visit a military psychiatrist , who diagnosed her a personality disorder , rendering her unfit for service .
as for whether the case moves forward , it 's a long shot .
what stands between them and a verdict is this doctrine .
The odds are heavily against them .
if the hearing doesn 't go their way , Burke will cue up her other plaintiffs .
Anders Behring Breivik was airing his anti-immigration views online .
on Monday Breivik faced his first public court hearing .
we realized that it wasn 't that difficult to get to them at all .
by reaching out through Facebook , his colleagues were able to survey over 10,000 followers .
online supporters of right-wing groups tend to be vexed by immigration .
those who combine their online activism with offline activism are more reasonable .
Facebook is becoming a hot new tool in the hands of scientists .
think tanks are using the site to study everything from health issues to social trends .
they would never allow you access .
it 's impossible to know how much of a user 's profile information and wall posts are true .
Selwyn thinks a clipboard and a pen are still the best research tools anyone can use .
there 's no substitute for going into the real world .
Anders Behring Breivik has described himself as a resistance fighter .
" I object because you received your mandate from organizations that support hate ideology and supports multiculturalism . "
because he did not want to give Breivik the opportunity to use this hearing to express his views .
Nesheim also ordered police to hold Breivik in custody .
some came hoping to look Breivik in the eye .
it was uncomfortable , but for me I moved on a little bit after seeing the suspect .
Breivik remained calm and looked survivors in the eye .
it may comfort some that the attacks seem to be the work of one extremist .
I wish he looked like a monster , but he doesn 't .
following the death of Steve Jobs , there were some who compared him to Henry Ford .
it was only following Jobs " death that a VHS copy was discovered .
this footage is the basis of the 68-minute Steve Jobs : the Lost Interview , coming to Landmark Theaters this Wednesday and Thursday .
for someone known to loathe in-depth interviews , Jobs seems eager here to expound on his business strategies .
but there 's something raw and inspiring about the Jobs we see here .
the device has been written about before , but Jobs " euphoria is infectious .
he describes how Wozniak would test the box by using a pay phone .
we could build something ourselves that could control billions of dollars of infrastructure around the world .
at the age of 12 , he looked up Bill Hewlett in the phone book .
it was the only company I had seen and it formed my view of what a company was .
jobs later became one of the HP employees to visit the company 's research labs .
it was as big as a suitcase and I fell in love with it .
I would ride up to HP and hang around that machine and write programs for it .
early in his career , he was asked by a customer to assemble the full computer .
he had to figure out both the assembly and delivery of the finished devices .
you make a better copier or printer , so what ?
the product people get driven out of the decision-making forum .
the product genius is rotted out by people who have no conception of good products .
there 's a tremendous amount of craftsmanship between a great idea and a great product .
there are tradeoffs you have to make - things you can 't make electrons do , glass do , robots do , factories do .
one of the cases at issue was a suit challenging the healthcare overhaul passed by Congress .
the lawyer is likely to be Paul Clement , who served as U.S. solicitor general .
Clement 's law firm was one of two dozen firms that helped sponsor the annual dinner .
another firm represents one of the trade associations that challenged the law .
pharmaceutical giant Pfizer Inc has an enormous financial stake in the outcome of the litigation .
in attendance was Mitch McConnell Senate 's top Republican and an avowed opponent of the healthcare law .
justices are exempt from the Code of Conduct .
nevertheless , the sheer proximity was enough to alarm activists .
justices were wining and dining at a black-tie fundraiser .
Scalia and Thomas have shown little regard for critics .
conservatives argue that it 's Justice Elena Kagan who has an ethical issue .
Kagan served as solicitor general in the Obama administration .
she was too invested in defending the law then to be impartial now .
the list price for those 50 airplanes totals a record $ 18 billion .
in a forecast , the company estimates that airlines will need 2,520 airplanes .
Boeing announced its biggest-ever order for commercial airplanes .
the airline also has an option to buy 20 more planes , Boeing announced .
Boeing said Oman Air ordered six Boeing
they will be less likely to cancel or delay airplane orders when fuel prices rise .
the order solidifies Boeing 's lead in the market for wide-body planes .
Boeing 's win comes four months after Airbus said it would push back the debut of the A350 .
drug traffickers helped opponent Fausto Vallejo in the governor 's race .
Calderon 's sister appears to have lost her bid during violent state elections .
preliminary results gave the lead in the race for governor of the western state .
Vallejo denied ties to drug traffickers .
a PAN mayor was assassinated a week before the election .
for the PRI , a win will help the party 's momentum .
anybody who can help Europe get out of the crisis is useful .
in recent days , borrowing costs have soared and the prime ministers have resigned .
the sovereign debt crisis has raised fears that it could push the global economy back into recession .
where do we find employment for tens of millions of our young men and women .
others argue that developing economies have no business helping wealthy Europeans .
sometime they will find out that Greeks retire at the age of 50 and it won 't go down well .
the ADB 's forecast of economic growth now faced risks on the downside .
he said vulnerable emerging markets needed to make " contingency plans " to protect themselves from a downturn .
the Pentagon is digesting $ 450 billion but fears an additional $ 600 billion may be imminent .
he said congressional failure to reach a budget agreement and the resulting so-called sequestration would trigger 23 % across-the-board reductions and a halt new projects .
while wartime funding is not affected by the sequester , war efforts would be affected by the disruption in the base budgets .
contracting personnel would be cut .
payroll personnel would be cut and legal and policy support would be disrupted . "
the consequence of a sequester on the Defense Department would set off a swift decline of the United States .
" we are staunchly opposed to this draconian action , " the senators said .
the sequester is a threat and it should not be allowed to occur .
whether the Panetta letter will increase pressure for a budget compromise remains to be seen .
Panetta has been outspoken about the possible cuts , although he came to the job with years of expertise .
the secretary of defense painted a bleak picture of what could lie ahead .
it 's a force that is unable to keep up with potential adversaries .
Panetta said that some of the defense projects could face the ax .
administrators at Penn State have been charged with perjury .
Nicolas Sarkozy was caught asserting that Benjamin Netanyahu is a liar .
Anthony Weiner made a fool of himself issuing denials quickly contradicted by incontrovertible evidence .
John Edwards has been charged with campaign finance violations .
no one will ever forget the media circus Clinton unleashed by lying about his sexual involvement .
there have been instances where teachers have given students test answers to make themselves look good on their performance reviews .
you may be lied to anywhere from 10 to 200 times .
detecting lies is an essential skill for everyone to acquire .
a trained lie spotter can get to the truth by learning about statement structure .
good liars are skilled at reading others well .
if you are perceived as a wrongdoer , others will feel less guilt in lying to you .
someone might use lots of qualifying language when answering a hard question .
these skills will enhance anyone 's chances of avoiding victimization .
TransCanada said it will move the planned pipeline out of the environmentally sensitive area of Nebraska .
Alex Pourbax says the company remains confident .
this is a real path forward .
the new environmental review would push off any decision until 2013 .
Obama described the decision as the State Department 's call .
but lawmakers are weighing legislation to force a move away from the Sand Hills region .
one is whether a lobbyist represents a conflict of interest for the program .
a firm that was hired to conduct the original study was an inappropriate choice .
a family claims that Patti LaBelle launched into a rampage , terrifying their toddler daughter .
it was Nov. 10 when stagehand Kevin Monk and Genevieve were getting ready to go on a family trip .
Kevin Monk got the car , Roseanna Monk came down with their luggage carrying Genevieve .
Do you know what your daughter is doing ?
You shouldn 't have left your daughter .
Look what you 've done to my daughter .
the suit seeks unspecified damages , but the family 's lawyer said he took the case for free .
that kind of behavior is completely unacceptable .
during the first year of management , foreign investment declined .
the monthly average income of Sinaloa workers was , until September , 5.352 pesos .
the first year of Mario Lopez Valdes government demonstrates a lack of capacity of the government .
Lopez Loredo said that early frost this year stopped the economy and its performance and growth were restricted .
the General Attorney Office reported that the sentenced drug dealer is Sandoval .
for these reasons , the insured was put at the disposal of the Second District Court .
" they have to contribute with almost 12 million . "
the replacement of analog with digital is one of the most important changes
in his speech , the minister said the federal executive cannot structure the measures for the public administration to get prepared .
the replacement of analog to digital results in a better utilization of the radio-electric spectrum .
he recalled that a large number of countries has now completed the digital transition .
the remains of the pilot arrived in his hometown .
the ashes of the Lieutenant Colonel arrived at the chapel , where family and friends were coming .
Felipe Cortes Bacio left Saltillo to enter the College of the Air in Zapopan , Jalisco .
his nephew remembers him as a very good person .
Bacio Cortés died the past days , along with Secretary of the Provincial Government and six others .
the military authority presented in media eleven persons who were detained .
three men were found shot dead in an abandoned farm .
the discovery occurred at kilometer 1.5 of the Cadereyta road to Santiago .
they located the bodies of three people .
the three persons were killed in another place .
there were arrested eight people and one person was rescued .
they were given three houses and a cell phone , claiming to be members of Los Zetas .
the militaries found a rifle .
subsequently , one of his accomplices was stopped in the common land of La Pravda .
the prime minister will meet tomorrow with the president of Italy
a statement announced that Monti will meet with the president .
he is expected to present a cabinet composed largely of technocrats .
I want to confirm my confidence in the ability of getting out of this difficult phase .
the tone of his comments indicated that the obstacles had been overcome .
new administration must approve a tough austerity package in order to regain the confidence in Italy .
the instable markets put the yield of the Italian BTP bonds to
we said we would support this government .
Monti 's chances of success were boosted by the support of the LDP party .
we believe that the efforts of Professor Monti are destined to have a good outcome .
blockage or delay lead to a new and devastating attack on the financial markets .
the association of foreign banks added to the pressure .
Monti began on Monday his consultations with the political parties .
Monti was appointed by Napolitano , who has enabled an extremely rapid transition .
after a brief rest at the end of last week , the Italian debt costs have now reached critical levels .
rescuing Italy with a public debt of 1.8 billion Euros would be too much .
Monti has said that his government would last until the next elections despite the widespread predictions .
Monti said he would like to include politicians in his cabinet , an indication of his objections to a process .
political sources said that the mutual mistrust and disagreement are complicating the attempt .
a minor contrast to Costa Rica , comparing the 22 players called for the friendly game .
Casillas will will impose a new record of 127 international matches .
after this , only five exceeded the 30 games .
on the national side , there are Roy Miller and Roy Myrie .
while Nacho Moreal has only four games , Nelson Edder did not debut yet .
the leading scorer of Spain is followed by Fernando Torres .
Bryan Ruiz is the one that registers more points .
Jeff Ament said the band is ready to offer one of its best concerts .
this was stated by the bassist and founding member .
the group is on the South American zone within the tour and Sunday 20th will make its only stop in Central America .
they will be present at the National Stadium , together with the band of Los Angeles .
it is a beautiful country and I think we 'll be able to stay a few days there .
the fans live with intensity the days before the concert .
it took us almost 21 years to get to Costa Rica .
the biggest shows we 've played occurred the last couple of weeks .
we had a few wonderful shows and we hope that this has put us in shape .
for both things , Costa Rica is one of the best countries in the world .
my friends are always going to surf in Costa Rica and that 's how we learned about .
I think it makes it more interesting for the people .
but it is much more strange when ten bands come out at the same time .
four of us were together for 21 years , which is longer than many bands lasted .
we are all very close friends and there have also been opened musical avenues .
we take care of not being too much on tour .
we were a band for almost three years .
is it true that you know its work and that 's why you chose it for the opening ?
the production sent us several videos and that was the band that we liked most .
I think you can still be able to make music that is dark .
the ex President was hospitalized in order to be evaluated for the loss of muscle strength .
in his opinion Fujimori would be a candidate for getting the benefit of pardon on humanitarian grounds .
in his speech , Sarkozy threatened to exclude those countries that remain tax havens .
on the trade plan , Mexico and Uruguay have in force a Free Trade Agreement .
Nintendo spokesman has claimed that Super Mario is an accessible video game .
most experts will give a " second round " to the levels of the play .
the plumber will have to go through mined platforms in order to free princess Peach .
at a press conference , Colom said that his decision is according to the independence of judiciary powers .
he stated that during his mandate he accepted all extradition proceedings .
what 's done by Colom represents an executive process to prosecute the ex head of state .
in accordance with the resolutions of the Constitutional Court , Portillo will be extradited .
the balance of the first 25 years of life is important .
the celebration gathered a large number of responsible entities .
the diverse political representation in the election time showed the unitary character of the work done .
he said Trinijove was born in a difficult time , but added that the work is a good base .
the president gave Trinijove as an example .
the crisis is not new to the work done by it .
twelve people left the property they were illegally occupying .
the first three floors were the scene of mass parties .
the owner told to Europa Press that her business went down 80 % .
the owner of the club says that the invaders made her an unfair competition .
it is necessary to be strongly against the incivility that has been generated on the farm .
the police went to 35 Montral Street after receiving a call from a neighbor who had noticed that four people had entered the building .
this Administration printed promotional leaflets of Collserola .
the reference was not Central Park .
this was all about until the council called for a mega competition .
the competition , is a topic of conversation among architects of Barcelona .
it 's a recurrent theme to make use of when two members of this lineage of elected persons recognize themselves in an elevator .
and this fact gives rise to one of the few similarities .
Modolo called the proposal intellectual challenge with some dangers .
hazards arising from the uncertainty of projecting the public space .
we must think of new urban planning tools , because the current can lead to a real disaster .
Modolo believes that simplifying the valley side can be understood as a park .
otherwise , a project can crash into the definition with the project of the architect of the next gate .
the council should ensure an area of equipment to conduct a smooth transition between the city and the green .
after 72 days , the legal representative forgave the brother of the process against him
on September 2nd , he was arrested and imprisoned for 30 days .
after four hours , he was transferred to the Temporary Jail .
thereafter there may not be made any claim that was intended against him .
after the hearing of the legal representative , it was ordered the immediate release of Larrazabal Breton .
the clerk went to the jail of the municipality to notify Jonah .
the Secretary gives details of the crash where the Interior Minister and seven others died .
the blades came into contact with trees where the unit lost the fuselage .
the unit was designed for 19 people .
the investigations do not report the appearance of pieces on the ground .
in a research it is reported that there are no parts or components of the ship in another place .
for now , it is a priority to have the results as soon as possible .
" this reinforces the hypothesis of normal cruise operation at impact , " he said .
the owner listed six important elements in the investigation
according to the aviation regulations the flight was conducted under visual flight rules .
AICM reports were indicating suitable conditions for taking off .
there remains undisclosed evidence in the wreckage of the craft .
the helicopter may have had multiple impacts with the ground .
social Security directs a research to find the gene for obesity
once reached the goal , the study will continue in the Independence Sport Unit .
they will also be asked about physical activity in order to avoid risk factors .
the justification is based on that the population of the country differs from other .
he reported that the Mexican has a 65 percent of American Indian heritage .
the genetics of obesity result in the inability to burn off the excess energy .
the researcher explained that the direct benefit is a comprehensive assessment of the children .
the presence of dark-colored folds indicates the likelihood of suffering of metabolic disorders .
Herrera develops asphalt to produce a mixture with the best performance
this means that the resistance is not uniform , but is modified during the day .
among the most superficial layers is the asphalt .
on the asphalt covering is placed a final layer which is made of a fine stone material .
since this is the layer that will be in contact with the wheels , it must have a better mechanical strength .
when the ground is wet , it 's hard to get out .
this time Serna had to be content with being on the winning podium .
a response that the jury did not like for not explaining how each of the cited books have marked her .
Melina said she was calm and happy with the result .
and that was noted in her first appearance and during her two shows .
Valley failed to convince the jury about her interest in social work .
two days before Lucy Doughty said they were seeking a woman committed to the social needs of her country .
beauty is not enough , we must focus on social awareness .
the journalist Guido Hoyos considers that the error of the Valley of Cauca were the surgical interventions she suffered .
she will go down in history as one of the queens that found difficulties in getting the crown .
in 2000 he moved to the capital of the Valley and he specialized in lophoscopy .
the week of Eliazar 's operation he was warned to take clothes only for three days .
accompanied by a magnifying glass , Eliazar compared the fingerprints with those of the card .
the fingerprinting science can be key solution in solving crimes .
apart from the identification of bodies , the fingerprinting specialists support research for crimes .
a relative could be suspected of the crime .
this does not guarantee that it was the murderer .
footprints are drawn with chemical or physical reagents .
the councilman personally defended the evacuation carried out at dawn .
along with Michael Buble she will appear on the television program
in the scene , Peters who recently appeared as a presenter .
GDP grows by 1.5 % due to domestic consumption
since last March , the Japanese economy was paralyzed .
the first estimates regarding the material losses amounted to $ 300,000 million .
the one recorded in the second quarter represents also the fastest rhythm of growth .
in fact , companies increased their investment by 1.1 % .
Japan has awakened thanks to the evolution of the household consumption .
with a stronger currency , the products are more expensive abroad .
as markets continue their siege , the Government does not lower the guard .
OECD said that most member countries showed clear signs of economic slowdown .
the euro zone fell below the average .
with peripheral risk subsidies launched , Greece is still entangled in the maze .
reform of the disciplinary code of civil servants and new measures against tax evasion will be the first initiatives .
we are committed to helping the transitional government , but we are not committed to anything .
the Microcredit Summit arises as a platform that promotes two basic goals .
the Queen Mrs. Sofia concluded by encouraging those present to participate in the debate and find solutions to advance the fight against poverty .
she said that it would be a mistake to link cooperation with developing countries .
the motion on the preidency of the European Commission was adopted almost unanimously .
nine million jobs depend directly on the Euro .
this is the case of one of the proposals of the motion .
it is not probable that the Twenty-Seven will agree to this solution .
first and foremost , the government intends to impose a fourth day of unemployment
clearly , an employee falling sick will lose four days ' pay .
a measure would produce a saving of 280 million Euros .
the majority are also relaunching the subject of fraud , targeting abuses linked to medical certificates .
over 237 million Euros of daily compensation were paid in 2006 .
French employees are no more inclined to take sick leave .
the strengthening of legislation has led to systematic controls of certificates .
in 2008 , the CNAM found that 13 % of the 285 000 controls were unjustified .
in total therefore , 169 000 cases were unjustified .
a figure which represents very few cases .
on Monday , Antonis Samaras gave his support to already approved measures .
we will not vote in favour of new measures .
he declared his opposition to any policy which would prevent economic recovery .
this committee recommends to modify the criminal code .
the experts cite a inquiry which compared the quality of death in 40 countries worldwide .
the study notes that the medicalisation of death has produced a culture in which people are afraid to tackle the subject .
77 % of Canadians do not have access to palliative care .
countrywide , it is in Quebec that the rate is highest .
on the contrary , more such cases were found precisely in those countries .
investigations indicate that 41 % of such cases should not have been prosecuted .
they also suggest that the penal code should state that withdrawal of nursing care is not criminal .
health professionals should be trained in the duty to respect a withdrawal of nursing care .
regarding palliative care , the committee calls on governments to work together .
certain experts in the field of the health-related legislation have already voiced reservations .
the specialist in health legislation expressed " strong opposition to the conclusions of the report , which she described as " obviously pro-euthanasia . "
diplomatic pressures intensified yesterday on the Syria of Bachar al-Assad , who is resisting them .
the foreign minister deplored the fact that efforts to mediate did not meet with success .
two other civilians died .
the Syrian foreign minister Walid Mouallem stated that the country was approaching the end of the crisis .
he moreover reacted strongly against the decision to suspend Damascus .
the French foreign minister declared himself in favour to the dispatch of UNO observers .
the former European commissioner was yesterday in discussions with the political parties
Monti spoke about an important programme involving a lot of sacrifices .
the consultations will end in the presentation of a limited list of a dozen or so ministers .
in a democracy , time is needed for the preparation of a programme .
his appointment by the president was initially welcomed .
the prime minister-designate had to form a team .
the new government would secure the vote of confidence of parliament .
once in office he would work hard to ensure that Italy would become a protagonist .
Olli Rehn. stressed that " regardless of a new government , our diagnostic of the Italian economy has not changed .
President Napolitano would like to avoid an early election , because Italy must place State debentures .
the Institute of Science of International Safety bases itself on the report from the International Atomic Safety Agency .
AIEA announced its serious disquiet concerning a " possible military dimension .
the global number of hate crimes increased to 6 628 cases .
the American government can do more to deal with his abuse .
this enables one to know if they have favourite messages .
this new Twitter formula was tested before being broadcast to the entire network .
the functionality activity will help me to monitor better certain elements of my Twitter flow .
the dispositions adopted by the Austrian government approach the " German model , "
the objective is that of making public debt fall below the 60 % .
the prime minister warned that the authorities would intervene in the exchanges market .
we would intervene as we did the last time .
the yen rose to near historical levels .
on that date , Tokyo sold the yen against the dollar in order to cut the value of the Japanese currency .
on Tuesday , the dollar fell below 77 yen and the Euro fell under 105 yen .
the dollar was about 120 yen and the Euro over 160 yen .
this rise of the currency damages exports , because it reduces the value of income of Japanese firms .
the high price of the yen did to reflect " Japan 's economic fundamentals . "
but the deputy governor warned that the Bank of Japan had already taken steps
despite the appointment of new heads of government , the rates in fragile countries continue to rise .
European exchanges have entered a little further .
the Tokyo exchange closed with a fall of 0,7 % .
this re-emergence of disquiet penalises the single currency .
these tensions of the rates of interest of southern countries .
Monti asked the markets for time to restore the situation .
the prime minister affirmed that the implementation of decisions would be the principal task .
France has recorded an economic growth of 0,4 % in the third quarter .
the Inseen nevertheless revised downwards with a fall of 0,1 % of the gross internal product .
a first estimate is expected at 11 a.m
this is not the case of Belgium or that of Switzerland .
the United States decided to add a unit to their range by resuming the construction of a centre .
the German model based on renewable energies is sometimes quoted as an example .
our neighbours pay 40 % more for their electricity than French households .
since the cost of energy is a key factor , companies benefit from the cheapest electricity in Europe .
it should be recalled that the energy policy made it possible to establish 125 000 direct jobs .
it attracts a galaxy of specialised RME 's in international markets and creates many jobs .
if France decided to abandon nuclear power , she would lose the annual million Euro 's worth of exports .
it must be admitted that there is no miraculous or diabolical source of production of electricity .
at Fukushima , some people appear to forget that the accident resulted from two natural disasters .
in 2005 , the fear of invasion was felt both on the Left and on the Right .
in his programme , François Hollande confines himself to banalities .
this notion of immigration may be an electoral asset .
fears are based on the notion that they are liable to replace native workers .
experience shows that in reality immigrants are more complementary to local labour .
unskilled immigrants work in sectors , which do not attract local labour .
migrants are also net contributors to social systems .
Nicolas Sarkozy wished at the start of his mandate to look for missing points of growth .
some believed that it was enough for democracy to finally triumph over its enemies .
it is primarily a political crisis and a crisis of democracy .
the truth is that the lines of the forefront have now moved .
we have nothing to gain from demanding a succession of national referendums .
the " free hand " or a jump with tied feet into the nationalist void !
we do not want the blades of a guillotine , but an exercise of democracy .
there are no crises in Greece because there is only a single crisis .
it is the whole of Europe , which defers to the dictates of rating agencies .
because it is by all working together , that Europeans will be able to free themselves from the markets .
emerging from the crisis will entail decisions on European level .
the whole world now calls for a European economic government .
the idea would be a fresh folly and a new impasse .
the year 2011 should end on an 11 % rise of worldwide sales , according to Eurosmart .
the most important sector is that of contactless technology .
their share will progress in 2012 .
for a long time , Europe is now gaining ground in contactless payment .
26 million Visa bank cards are already equipped with this functionality .
this is only a first stage of the future mode of payment .
few apparatus are at present equipped with NFC technology .
we are counting on a worldwide sale of 80 to 120 million units in 2012 .
Société Générale also said that it is preparing the launch of an offer .
the links between al-Qaida and the Boko Haram sect have been confirmed .
on Sunday , the deputy foreign minister stated that Algiers is now certain .
investigators found several telephone chips belonging to the terrorists .
it is necessary to await more exact proofs before talking .
it has been known for years that the sect benefits from outside financial support .
it demands rigid respect of sharia .
Rick Perry compete in simplification and a lack of knowledge .
can an America weakened by crisis lead a complex world ?
for some days , the others multiply resounding and abbreviated foreign policy declarations .
Jon Huntsman has failed to suppress an attitude which flatters the emotions .
HR also promised to increase military aid to Israel .
the entrepreneur declares an embarrassing lack of knowledge .
recently , he called for opposition to the Chinese military threat !
the governor says that he is ready to involve the USA army in Mexico .
resort to the torture of terrorist suspects prohibited by Obama in 2009 .
Obama had to water down his wine concerning anti-terrorism .
they insist on the setback of his naive dialogue with Iran on the premature departure from Iraq .
it is necessary to reconstruct America economically to revive its leadership .
the North Stream gasduct has been commissioned .
a second pipeline is due to be ready by the end of 2012 .
North Stream will in fact allow gas to be delivered directly to Germany .
it will become more difficult for them to influence Russia .
at the most critical point of the debate , Warsaw did not hesitate to compare new German-Soviet pact .
since the project has created a breach between eastern and western Europe .
Russia has succeeded in achieving its vision of a direct alliance between Russia and the Western countries .
the undersea pipeline is made of steel embedded in concrete .
" a hundred had to be removed or destroyed , " says Jens Müller .
the pipeline is a long metal serpent with no breaks throughout its length .
a control platform was provided but the project managers abandoned it .
we stop the passage of gas .
but this is thought to be unlikely by the constructors .
it is introduced inside the 1-metre wide pipeline .
these five companies have created a joint enterprise , delegated to operate the gasduct .
Gazprom will pay for the total capacity , whatever may be the quantity of gas actually transported .
it is a scent of adventure .
the Moleskine notebook is easily recognised .
Maria Sebregondi has assumed responsibility for the launch of the new product .
the notebook draws its inspiration from an old production technique , for example .
it is difficult to establish a profile of the purchaser , because the notebook attracts a businessman , a student and a professional .
the small Italian company now has almost 100 and two offices .
its distributes its notebooks to Fnac libraries and has succeeded in becoming well known .
we followed the spirit of the times , notwithstanding the rise of e-mail .
this cultural signature accompanies the development of Moleskine .
it also launched a cover on the occasion of the Film Festival .
Moleskine diversified its products to include computer bags .
Modo Modo was bought by the investment fund SG Capital Europe .
despite a public voluntary policy , the rate of unemployment is still twice as high as the average .
the association which organises the week for the employment of the handicapped .
80 % do not have the " bac " and out of the 2.3 million students only 10 000 are handicapped .
long-term unemployment is very widespread .
we are now on around 3 % .
the number of taxed establishments have fallen between 2007 and 2011 .
the law of 2005 , created a strong pressure on companies .
according to the ministry of employment , only 59 % of establishments versus 82 % of companies .
we do not go so far as to say that there was connivance between them .
I am there all the year round .
the Portugal of Paulo Bento starts its return match against Bosnia (
we will be a happy team .
in view of the ( 0-0 ) it is clear that the games are not over .
it was not able to reach this precious target .
we are convinced that we can win .
" we are going to play a team which has many technical qualities and which has players possessing many individual qualities , .
the Portuguese would exert maximal pressure on the Bosnians to " give them no time to think . "
the Brennan Centre considers this a myth that electoral fraud is rarer than the number of people killed by lightning .
the American States are responsible for the organisation of federal elections .
this phenomenon gained momentum following the elections .
180 bills restricting the exercise of the right to vote in 41 States were introduced .
these laws also reduce early voting periods .
they sponsored bills in 34 States to force voters to show a photo ID card .
American citizens do not have a universal ID card .
these same States allow fishing or hunting club members to use the cards .
Republican legislators sponsored laws abolishing the registration of voters in eight States .
they limited the right to provide assistance .
voter registration campaigns contributed to registering around 10 million citizens .
Republican legislators have enacted laws in five other States .
during the 2008 general election in Florida , 33 % of early voters were African-Americans .
76 % of voters were white but these represented only 46 % of early voters .
only 16 States have adopted laws requiring the presentation of a photo ID card .
the new rules put in place will make it more difficult to exercise the right to vote
democratic critics denounce the partisan character of the laws .
a 2011 Brennan Centre report shows that the States that have adopted these laws represent 171 of the 270 votes needed .
these legislative changes in the electoral system will have significant impacts .
the PSA test sometimes shows erroneous results with false negative or even false positive results .
there was a difference in mortality between patients who were screened and those who were not .
many men in whom cancer has been detected will not be treated .
specific criteria are being determined in order to decide who should or should not be treated .
the important thing is to have a discussion with your doctor .
the adoption of healthy living habits remains the best way .
this rate would increase to at least 50 % .
the fight against tobacco remains a priority .
10 years after giving up smoking , the risk of dying from cancer drops by half .
they can increase the risks of cancer .
the regular practice of physical activity throughout your life protects against colon cancer .
the announcement of the probable discovery of the Higgs boson created quite a stir last summer .
this boson is part of the mechanism responsible for the mass of everything in the Universe .
it is the last particle whose existence is predicted by the Standard Model .
we know that it is a new authentic particle .
there is unavoidable law which states two things cannot meet at the same place .
there 's no way to break this rule .
these bosons are not all such exotic bugs as you might think .
if you can read this article , it is thanks to an extraordinarily banal boson .
a particle having an electric charge accelerates or changes direction like a pebble thrown in a pond .
the same applies to the Higgs boson .
a huge particle accelerator is needed to achieve such energy levels .
a piece of paper , for example , will never stick to a fridge .
not all particles interact with the Higgs field .
it serves to check the validity of the Standard Model .
a number of people fervently hope that some will be found .
repercussions are difficult to predict , but it would be wrong to assume there won 't be any .
pioneers of the laser at Bell Laboratories did not suspect the revolution .
Willard Boyle developed a small light sensor .
this sensor now serves as an " eye " to all digital cameras worldwide .
this does not mean that the activities will transform our lives
the disease is doing its work : huge weakness which prevents him going to the toilet alone .
courageous , he even manages to smile , talks to the strangers bustling around him .
what I want most is to be cured of my diarrhoea .
during our lives , we learn that a man pisses standing up .
great moments occur at the very heart of such regression .
the worst fear is to die conscious and suffocating .
I don 't wish for anything more in life .
she looks forward nevertheless , to a last visit by her son coming from Italy .
life continues under the best possible conditions .
a person who is dying will accept being helped to drink brandy or Pepsi .
there have always been three to five beds which are occupied by cancer patients less than 45 years old .
and a number of organisations in Greater Montreal , specialise more or less exclusively in care provided to cancer patients .
a manifesto has been circulating to demonstrate their opposition to such an initiative .
the health system is not effective enough to ensure that everyone will be entitled to palliative care .
she told me she regretted that I had given up fighting .
Dr Martel believes that 90 % of patients asking to die thank care-givers .
patients are resistant to treatment against pain in 8 % of cases .
at the very end of life , physicians then often resort to palliative sedation .
it means " I want to be relieved . "
an " industry " which has cost Quebec taxpayers dearly .
it is curious how the system is crumbling since we took drastic measures .
since the inquiry opened , the Ministry of Transport saved a billion dollars on contracts !
the Charbonneau Commission " has already brought down two mayors "
the Permanent Anti-Corruption Unit is also coupled with its army of government analysts .
the policemen have apparently led the Montreal " sewer cartel "
it has conducted a series of searches and brought charges of fraud and corruption against municipal politicians .
next on the list is Gilles Vaillancourt , who has just resigned from his post as Mayor .
the latter caused a sensation by explaining the mechanics of the public contracts .
Mr zambito has handed money out freely .
other highway officials admitted having their palms greased by inflating invoices .
Martin Dumont , accused Mr Tremblay of having deliberately closed his eyes to a parallel budget feeding his coffers with dirty money .
Montreal would need its own investigative unit with ongoing monitoring .
I was told that it was only a pale reflection of reality .
I 've always moved step by step .
today he has no equal in Ligue 1 .
one of our main goals is the Champions League .
we want to finish top in our pool .
Lyon and Bordeaux are competing for the title .
we won 4-0 and they still found things to blame us for .
look at Manchester City who have failed to qualify !
Thiago Silva helps everyone else progress .
I 've learned the lessons from what happened in the Ukraine .
did the good draw ( 1-1 ) snatched in Spain represent a founding match ?
the opposite of current monetary exchanges identified transactions and processing fees among the parties involved .
a political vision is palpable .
the European Central Bank ECB took an interest in it .
all nodes in the network are both custodians of the book of accounts .
it is also possible to ensure that the exchanged bitcoins exist in the public book of accounts .
it passes through the resolution of a mathematical challenge issued to the computers .
computers " take " the new transaction and add a number to it .
the other nodes can easily check that it is the right one .
the transaction is linked to the chain of all the other transactions .
" the loophole used is not the protocol itself .
" thirty thousand dollars were exchanged " welcomes Jon Holmquist .
Pierre Noizat , author of an educational book on this currency , has a lot of faith in the potential of this technology as a transaction network .
the system is easy to implement by merchants .
it will take time for Bitcoin to become firmly established .
the ECB , in its report , says it will reassess the various risks .
the Taliban is composed of foreign extremists , former leaders in refuge in Pakistan , but often peasants who refuse the presence of foreign armed forces .
they want to defend their traditions , even though they have been joined by Jihadists , Pakistanis , Arabs , Uzbeks , Tajiks .
the latter will no longer be so when Westerners become more scarce .
the departure of French troops was carried out in an orderly fashion .
their takeover had been perceived as a sort of liberation .
Afghan Government and the Taliban are allied to keep women in an inferior position .
they became profiteers , seizing government land .
the people want a Government that is not made up of thieves .
roughly 65 % of the population is less than 25 .
it will be necessary to provide work for those young people who no longer want to return to the obscurantism .
all of them are partial to mobile phones .
former commanders are thinking about restoring provincial militias .
no industries have been re-established .
with no energy there is no mining .
one day it will also be necessary for Afghanistan and Pakistan .
these projects have helped to contain the insurgency : irrigation , wells , drinking water , reforestation , fruit trees , soil protection and increase in cultivable areas .
a much more modest budget would contribute to improving local living conditions .
while Egypt remains more divided , he has decided to go for broke .
he announced on Wednesday that the Constituent Assembly would vote on its final text .
the head of State had given the Assembly two more months to finish .
the President is persevering in his " autocratic delirium , " continuing to " go back on his word " and ' trample the law . "
this is the quickest way to put an end to the institutional and political crisis .
a very short period , which forces the Brothers to abandon their plan to explain the text .
it is a way to achieve democratic legitimacy .
particularly since a hasty vote smacks of an ultimatum to the Egyptian people .
in mid-November , they had slammed the door .
commentators were also amused that one of the only diversions was expressed with regard to the hour of prayer .
the main focus of attention , article 2 , remains in the final analysis identical to that of the 1971 Constitution .
the Salafist parties were hoping to replace " the principles " by " the rules " .
the fact that this article was not amended is a guarantee of their goodwill .
article 220 grants Al-Azhar University an advisory role .
the next Rector of the university will probably be much less moderate than the current one .
he acknowledges that there may be some ambiguity regarding article 220 .
question could be asked in future to what extent civil judges are competent .
the text voted on yesterday is highly criticised due to the extensive powers .
the Defence budget review will be submitted to a National Defence Council .
nor will trials of civilians be banned .
the offence of blasphemy is maintained and insults are now prohibited .
no longer does any of the articles refer to the protection of women .
AIF newspaper highlighted the five most important reasons why it is a must to visit Israel .
Galilee is the place where Jesus performed his magic .
the Holy Cross Monastery in Jerusalem is erected at the site .
Jerusalem has the most holy places for the Jews as well .
people of different faiths leave notes here with their wishes .
it has ancient Qumran manuscripts and Dead Sea scrolls found in the caves of the Judean desert .
its exhibits include a wide range of impressionists and expressionists .
the fifth one is the Holocaust Museum in Tel-Aviv , which tells one of the most dramatic stories in history .
the most tragic section is the children 's memorial .
there are three resort areas in Israel .
one can swim in the Red Sea even in winter months .
it is the most unusual sea in the world .
its azure water is saline and easily keeps you afloat .
they are preserved in the old section of Tel-Aviv .
this is where Noah built his ark and Perseus saved the beauty Andromeda .
if you touch the walls on the street of your sign , fortune will come to you .
you can meet newlyweds who come from all over Israel and even from other countries for photo sessions .
in Caesarea you can walk around a Roman theatre .
Caesarea was the main city of Judea .
a ticket for any type of city transportation costs 6 shekels .
many cafes , restaurants and hotels have only kosher food .
car rental costs from 37 to 188 dollars a day .
between January and October 2012 118,800 Ukrainian tourists visited the Holy Land .
the country already has scam artists who sell fake certificates .
a new law which obliges every migrant worker to pass a Russian language test .
this law applies only to those who intend to work in services .
tests will become mandatory for all non-residents .
people who received education certificates and diplomas before the fall of the USSR are also exempt under the law .
this will allow to reduce the number of people suffering from labour slavery .
the system of organized selection will enable us to solve 90 % of the problems .
migrants start to have problems .
this is not so much their fault but due to poverty .
if they have no status , there will be no testing .
they ask for a hundred or two for cigarettes .
it turned out that not only migrant registration documents can be fake .
they were not free for their owners .
it is two and a half times more than the process of official testing .
government officials agree that the main goal is to protect the system from corruption .
the authorities can promise migrant workers who could not pass the test the first time to give time to complete a basic language course .
those who come without Russian language knowledge will be offered work in areas that do not require active communication with people .
this is the reaction of authorities to recent incidents .
policemen want to prohibit the carrying of weapons in public places .
the Russian authorities are trying to fight the problem by " tightening the screws . "
an open letter appeared online , whose authors demand to abandon the " senseless toughening . "
toughening of the law will not prevent the criminal from going to black market .
the Ministry of the Interior asserts that the situation of the spread of illegal arms is under control .
there are five such channels .
army or military loot .
this covers weapons taken from police warehouses and those stolen directly from law enforcement agencies ' employees .
there are proven theories that some of the fires were intentional .
there are so many private weapons factories now , which do not endure competition on the international market and throw weapons from under the counter to the black market .
there 's production there and a mafia has formed .
experts counted the approximate share of each of the sources of supply .
experts analysed the reports of the Department of the Interior and Rosstat .
the overwhelming majority of illegal weapons comes from the military and security forces .
half of all arms on the black market are there " because of officials .
17 % of the time the weapons are received from armed conflict areas .
he takes it to the city and sells for 900 euros a piece with two magazines .
the truth is that police are aware of everything .
there are salesmen on labour markets .
according to Baranets , the buyer is not offered a pig in a poke .
we go to the forest with the seller and set a target there .
when I am certain that the weapon is good , we begin to negotiate .
" without a license , of course , " asks user " John .
normally the site is registered outside the area of applicability of the laws .
a photo is sent with instructions on where the weapon is hidden .
after leaving a request on the site you can stay without a weapon and go to jail .
the Federal Security Service now spreads a big network of fake sites .
people are like hungry fish after bait ,
a Makarov gun can be acquired for 100-300 dollars .
nobody is able to predict whether this wave will turn into the ninth wave or fizzle out early .
actions began last week after Thanksgiving , on Black Friday .
Walmart sells everything imaginable .
Walmart can afford to sell the products cheaply .
protesters complained that the cost of medical insurance went from 30 to 100 dollars a month .
scientists argue that if Walmart raises the average salary to 12 dollars / hour , it will cost the corporation 3.2 billion dollars .
if Walmart fully shifts the cost to the shoulders of consumers , each visit to the store will cost 46 cents more .
protests took place in nine states and did not cause any damage .
black Friday continued in its stores .
McDonald 's says that it sells billions of portions !
fast food restaurants increase it with time .
almost a fourth of American teenagers went through McDonald 's .
now I continuously come across interviews with McDonald 's employees , who complain that they have to feed their children .
there is a comment on the Wall Street Journal forum , whose author notes that it is irresponsible to have children if you do not know how you will feed them .
American law prohibits the administration from preventing this or punishing activists .
but only a few hundred people took part in it .
among modern technology fans a popular topic is augmented reality .
at first , a functional model was shown by Google in the summer .
they are drawn by the prospect of manipulating virtual objects .
while people in general are stuck at working with pixels .
almost no Xbox is sold without Kinect today , because everyone likes control by gestures .
information entry has improved , but output still needs to get better .
we are trying to change this , working on truly three-dimensional display systems based on various technologies .
we will be able to supplement the real world .
It cannot be called a cure-for-all - there 's a question of privacy .
we had a project to control devices in public places .
movements were not recorded by a camera .
you want to make the users adapt to what the machine cannot do ?
in the near future , we will mainly work on developing new sensors .
they have a decent depth resolution .
what are your complaints about modern cameras ?
it 's not just the mega pixels , though .
all current technologies are not good enough for us .
it 's important to remember about the resolution .
human movements are relatively dynamic .
Steven Bathiche from our Redmond laboratory created a touch sensor .
it would be very useful to have a device that does not require touching .
In Kinect there are three cameras now , one of which is an infrared emitter .
it would be nice to create a flexible analogue Kinect .
Let us imagine for a minute that manipulation of virtual holographic objects in the air is available .
I often say that augmented reality is the attempt at the interaction between man and machine .
one of the interesting tricks is to use the second hand .
there are also wrist bracelets that affect the nerve endings in fingers .
that 's what makes working on virtual reality so attractive to researchers .
Rosbalt continues the project St. Petersburg Avant-garde .
this top list already includes outstanding figures of the art scene .
the whole city knows Kirill Miller .
Kirill Miller is an outstanding man of the St. Petersburg avant-garde .
he is a city man , who makes people smile on the street and lifts up everyone 's spirit .
he took up the street organ and became St. Petersburg 's music man .
why do you walk around the city all in red ?
the wave of unofficial artists was gone .
It was important for me to find myself in the centre of the culture of St. Petersburg .
I occupied the territory on
many were born there .
Shnur and his friends lip sang easy songs .
in the new times , it is uncomfortable to work by old rules .
it is easy to become popular .
A cultural city should have such a character .
people used to get together in flocks .
300 people will come for culture .
I painted such art that one collector had it hanging on the same wall with Falk and Larionov .
I am a man of yesterday 's culture .
under the right rulers everything was different .
there are people who could be experts , but they are pushed to the side .
St. Petersburg is not a cultural capital .
the question is how to propagate our race in conditions of weightlessness ?
this was on bio-satellites and such research needs to be conducted .
" what 's more , it is dangerous even for orbital flights , " adds pilot .
humanity needs to seek out some new avenues in biotechnologies .
for infants it is a native element .
there is a connection with the fact that an infant spends about 9 months in the womb .
stomach and pelvic muscles usually quickly degenerate in weightlessness .
it does not form the skeletal and muscular system .
it is not possible to dress a newborn in orbit into a special loading suit .
it will become the home for their offspring , who were born in space .
the Czech Republic has sound control bodies and a good standard of legislation .
the ODS will not be burdening business owners with its checks
you spoke about a joint project between the Czech Republic and Germany .
this is about how European legislation governs the handling of public contracts .
this confirms that creating more and more concise rules is not enough .
economy means acquiring the required thing at a reasonable price .
the system might become overloaded with the amount of paperwork .
powers are also similar to a degree , so these courts of auditors are also at the member state levels .
public funds are audited by the federal courts .
I would not like to make a comparison without any specific data .
they would gain nothing from working with our office
what did the amendment to public contracts legislation mean for your office ?
the period since the amendment came into force has been quite short .
so do you see the adoption of this legislation as a benefit ?
this legislation is a step in the right direction .
a problem is that the law becomes " too constrained " and will not be enforceable .
the system should prevent those who want to attack and abuse it .
the ODS will not be burdening businessmen with audits of the so-called " Svarc System " ?
the Law must be set out one way or the other .
let us change this law and relax it .
the law on public contracts has relatively strict rules about the formalities which must be adhered to .
the roads have been usable this morning .
the temperature has dropped to between five and ten degrees below zero .
caution is appropriate on certain bridges , where the surface can be icy and slippery .
in the mountains there might be a layer of compacted snow .
the highway service is warning the drivers against black ice .
black ice may occur on tertiary roads .
there is a compacted snow layer on the roads .
the roads in the Pilsen region have been usable this morning .
it is a result of the chemical treatment carried out at Cervenohorkse sedlo .
snowploughs were brought out by falling snow overnight .
drivers should expect snow slush .
the roads all the way to the highest altitudes are now clear .
the Olomouc region 's roads are usable without restriction .
the snowploughs have reported several places in northern Bohemia .
the mountain road from Telnice to Kninice in the Usti nad Labem region is also closed .
temperatures remain below zero and roads are likely to remain snowy and icy .
the conditions for this were perfect .
adverse conditions are expected on the main sections of the I / 13 road .
the closure of the Telnice to Kninice road was caused by bent tree branches .
we decided to make use of the marketing potential of the end of the Mayan calendar
3 concerts will take place in parallel in Prague , Brno , and Ostrava .
they will end at around the time when Kiribati reaches the end of the Mayan calendar .
we worked all the details out with our designer .
the Tap Tap band recorded the so-called anthem against the end of the world .
the role of Jesus in the video clip was played by Tomas Hanak
we collaborate also with other personalities
equipping the wheelchair-accessible educational Studeo centre in collaboration with the citizens association Tap from the Jedlicka Institute for the disabled .
tutors come in to spend time with the students .
the students themselves do not have the funds to afford tutors .
at the Jedlicka Institute , a separate building is planned .
in Prague , Chinaski , Support lesbiens , Illustratosphere with Dan Barta , The Tap Tap , Marian Bango and Jiri Suchy will appear .
we will be making our first appearance in the Prague Spring .
you have already performed in Madrid .
we have five members in electric wheelchairs , which must be transported in the luggage area
we have so far managed it without any problems .
you will have had a chance to compare specific accessibility issues .
we have just witnessed that in the East everything is still in its beginnings .
citizens associations are emerging there too .
it is important to mention improvements always depend on the efforts of the people who are affected .
in London and Madrid it is completely natural for people with serious handicaps to be independently out in public
it is less common there for large groups of people with disabilities to actively take part in social life !
public respect or accessibility is one thing .
the Tap Tap band is currently very popular ?
I began my job as a tutor at the Jedlicka Institute .
I started a music club with a colleague .
it has grown a little out of our control .
we have been helped by creating ties to famous singers .
all new things are taken in hesitantly and take a long time .
I would dare to claim that Tap Tap is one of those things .
a person 's first impression on seeing you is pity
handicapped people are not abandoned and suffering beings .
they are people , who can fully live life and blossom .
it is not just progress for them .
we must be uncompromising in many things and require a certain level of discipline .
that is how it works everywhere , with every group that wants to work .
the venues will be Praha INCHEBA .
all three cities will be joined by a televised link-up at the evening 's close for a united rendition of The Tap Tap 's anthem
admission fee to the concert is 400 CZK .
I look back , for instance , to the lecture of A Sternfeld in Warsaw 's astronomy observatory .
the thoughts of the young engineer ( born 1905 ) left his audience cold .
in 1934 , Sternfeld received the Andre Louis Hirsch prize .
Dr. Jan Gadomski became promoter of astronomy and astronautics .
he published hundreds of articles in Polish journals .
his contribution was recognised when a crater was named after him .
Poland had already built a handcar .
it is not clear , whether the rocket was intended to start the handcar .
research was undertaken by the Weapons Technology Division .
all projects for military use of rocket technologies were overseen by the Provisional Scientific Advisory Board .
the Board was appointed in 1937 .
the first reference to the company figures in the November issue of the magazine Problems .
the establishment of a company is proposed .
there were already projects underway for artificial satellites .
Kazimierz Zarankiewicz was appointed Deputy Chairman for the International Astronautics Federation .
the PTA played a significant role in the successful development of meteorological rockets RM .
the rocket measured around 80 cm in length .
a further development model was designed for real scientific work .
three models were developed , which differed in the room available for scientific apparatus .
Poland 's admission to COSPAR should be mentioned .
Poland participated in the Interkosmos space programme for space research on Soviet artificial satellites .
financial systems in the EU are based on the principle of an unregulated economic competition .
individual financial entities and national economic systems are in a state of permanent conflict .
the cause is the principle of free trade and free movement of private capital .
the social costs born by the state must necessarily increase .
the whole situation is bolstered by the businessman 's complete unwillingness to pay taxes .
governments stake their own citizens because of private capital .
the aim is to economically force the domestic population .
this economic system of force restricted employee rights in the workplace .
in Germany there are host of food hand-out centres for the poor .
employed people receive such a salary that the State needs to top it up to the minimum wage .
the State may not participate with capital in its own economy .
we should ask ourselves whether private capital has no influence .
the result is a desperate situation manifesting itself through corruption .
in Germany the situation is such that state ministries contract out the drafting of laws to private law firms .
real power does not come from the people as the Western-style constitutions claim .
the current society is built on unscrupulous tendencies for personal gain .
an unprecedented decadence of the elite with no attempts whatsoever on deeper reaching reforms .
the causality should therefore be sought in the misguided liberalisation .
the current state of affairs can expect its next cycle .
the Government will be forced to pursue ways of lowering the population 's living standards .
if my sons did not want war , there would be none .
the latest wave of violence between Israel and the Gaza strip has sparked a lot of reaction .
what is not quite so apparent is whether these were the people , who had chosen their path independently .
their thirst for global power led in the years of 1859 - 1871 to the formulation of a three-world-war plan .
the method is the instigation of crises .
these solutions are false and always lead to a worse situation .
they destroyed tsarist Russia with the Bolshevik revolution .
the First World War ended abruptly .
the aforementioned Balfour Declaration formed the basis for the mass immigration of Jews to Palestine .
the announcement of the State of Israel became the third war 's hotbed .
we must differentiate between Israel 's general population and their leaders .
all we need is a major crisis and the nations will accept the New World Order .
in 1979 demonstrators took over the American embassy in Tehran .
they were to be released in exchange for the overthrown Shah .
for the American administration the situation did not offer a positive solution .
the release of the hostages in Iran could not be achieved .
the film Argo recounts one episode , which brought America a small victory .
the film project was reported on in specialist magazines .
the film draws on the memories of Tony Mendez .
there are scenes from the CIA headquarters and other agencies
the derided actor has become a respected director .
it is also Affleck 's first picture .
the atmospheric feel is one of the characteristics .
a similar effect is achieved by Affleck and his team in the fictitious scenes .
the director had to tackle the issue .
ARGO 's weakness is its divergence .
Alan Arkin and John Goodman play their roles as the Hollywood assistants with great charm .
Affleck 's film loses the dramatic pull a little .
as a reminder of history 's particular ways , this will do .
among the latest absurdities is the recent decision by the European Court .
the ban on the use of the term had previously come under criticism .
it was only harmonising existing disjointed national standards .
norms relating to fruit and vegetables have already been softened by the EU .
one possible prize-winner in the poll may be the last year 's EU regulation .
balloons are one of the main causes of child suffocation .
the Czech Republic exceeded the permitted volume of mushroom preserves .
the organisers were impressed by the idea of paying certain countries .
we are asking the European Union for a refund .
his argument was that there had been a good harvest of cereals .
the EU should be paying us hundreds of millions of Euros .
the European Commission met the CR halfway by organising a tender for the purchase of cereals .
funding to subsidise funding requests was offered to foreigners by the Ministry for Regional Development 's minister .
but the EU 's efforts at regulation deserve recognition .
emotions flare among Czechs when , the CR must fight in Brussels for the right to particular labelling on its traditional products .
the appellation of rum can only be given to products distilled from cane sugar .
I cannot watch any longer the country having been robbed over the past twenty years .
I try to find a solution to change things .
I have no other choice to influence things but to stand for senator or president .
I have been saying the entire time that I would fight for the Castle .
the post is a tool to allow my vision to be realised .
the Media add to this and mistaking freedom of speech with freedom to lie .
you set out on your castle siege with a thesis on the material and criminal responsibilities of politics .
only the Senate may propose laws .
when I lobbied for tour guide work to be a free trade , it was successfully carried through .
the problem is political squabbling .
I stand a far better chance of gaining support from all parliamentary sides .
the advantage I hold is that without the political pigeonholing or dogmas I can take what is best for our country from any side .
I just want to bring people together .
I always support any good public solutions , and I will oppose bad ideas .
they have been put forward by experts .
do you believe that you will succeed in passing criminal responsibility ?
they would need to explain why they did not want this .
I am looking for a majority support for my agenda .
in six years I will finish and return to the private sector .
alone I will not achieve anything .
I support investigative journalist , Jana Lorencova .
sixty percent of people did not go to vote .
I will fight for the direct election of mayors or regional council presidents .
because I have neither the time nor the money to do it .
you want to change the Republic , but you are not keen on putting your own money into it .
there is no real interest in my programme .
I would not be able to live on it .
true adventures are not just in the head
" I think the building is fun , looks futuristic and ultimately provides something interesting to look at , .
Spijkenisse , a sleepy town outside the gates of Rotterdam , is a special record-holder .
the city fathers acknowledged that there was only one way to become master over the statistics !
the Bücherberg was awarded second place in the " Best Library of NL 2012 " competition .
Spijkenisse has its first public cultural building .
there is in fact a lift that climbs through the centre of the mountain massif .
the interior of the Bücherberg is cleverly used .
one particularly special feature are the black book shelves .
here we wanted to work with recyclable materials .
we stumbled across a suitable waste product used in agriculture .
millimetre-thick artificial fabric has been used in greenhouses and fields in the Netherlands as a base layer .
under heat and pressure Landbouw plastic ( KLP ) changes colour to a dark , homogeneous and robust material , that smells like a mixture of new car smell and trainers .
you are rewarded in the Literature Café .
you would hardly believe it , but this building is a showcase project .
the laminated wood glue beams provide shade and absorb the majority of the sunlight .
Cynthia Bogarde , who even refers to the Boekenberg as Spijkenisse 's " long overdue soul .
this was , for the time being , to fill the optical gaps in the not yet fully stocked library .
every resident now has a certain bond with this new building .
Berlin is walking a thin diplomatic line .
Germany had initially signalled that it would vote against the Palestinians ' application .
during the uprising Germany likewise abstained from voting .
that is because it has just reorganised its foreign policy .
it shows a willingness to adopt positions on international matters .
I believe that the German foreign policy is motivated by the economic policy .
Germany 's economic interests are different and therefore Germany must protect its interests .
have these economic interests had an influence on their attitude ?
Germany has major revenue markets in the Near East .
it must be careful not to affront the public .
this is not an entirely one-sided relationship .
has Germany damaged its relations with the USA ?
it signals that the country must be taken seriously as an international player .
the government is naturally unable to voice this position publicly .
Obama is really not quite so enthused by Netanjahu 's policies .
does Germany find it difficult to reconcile its close relations with Israel ?
they are unable to be part of a wider authority .
I believe that Germany will take on a leading role in urging Europe .
this is no simple task for Germany , on account of its relations with Israel .
every time that Germany assumes a more prominent role , various anti-German feelings become apparent .
the influence of the USA over European politics is continually diminishing ?
Stephen Szabo is associate director of the Transatlantic Academy in Washington .
Szabo is also a member of the German Marshall Fund .
behind this name hides a fully registered brand .
German companies are ' legally ' copied in this manner .
a Chinese company copyrighted the brand name Zegna DF Puma .
the financial losses and process costs amount into the millions .
the deletion of dubious entries in the trademark registry are difficult to achieve .
Pattloch reports of instances whereby the court dismisses cases .
he may even have to pay the plagiarist money for having infringed on his trademark in China .
Daimler lost a legal battle with the construction machinery manufacturer Sany .
Volvo-purchaser Geely originally used a blue and white logo .
fashion house Lacoste lost a suit in China against copycats from Hong Kong and Singapore .
the CTMO trademark office in Peking does acknowledge that there were bottlenecks in 2010 .
things reportedly " returned to normal following this emergency situation regarding the work flow . "
to appeal against an application costs many times this amount .
family names cannot be protected in Germany , said Hanno Wentzler .
in the next two instances , Freudenberg was proven right .
the matter will be brought to a positive conclusion .
the process is extremely expensive and takes a lot of time , money and nerves .
Freudenberg unsuccessfully offered the opposing party a " high six-figure sum in euros " as settlement .
this is a business sector that the group had long vacated .
it is not sufficient to rely on international trademark rights .
they would probably have to pay the opposing party license fees for the use of their own name .
ladies ' pumps and men 's loafers attempt to find the beat on the parquet floor .
only then do the voices of the singers slowly swell .
the imbongi Choir are practising a new song .
the fifteen singers range from human geneticists to the maintenance man .
this guarantees the child money for school .
for almost ten years the choir has been practising songs in this foreign language .
in the north west of the Swaziland Kingdom , lies the village of Esitjeni .
around 2,000 people live there .
more than forty percent of people in the Swaziland carry the immunodeficiency virus .
initially it was the private commitment of individuals to send a child to school .
at least four in five of all syphilis cases are transmitted between men .
20 percent of newly contracted cases of HIV are found in this group .
three quarters of all infections affect young people .
the number of syphilis infections has more than doubled .
the infectious diseases can cause ulcers in the genital area .
the pathogens of sexually transmitted diseases can also be passed on via smear infections and close bodily contact .
through sponsorships donations , the money all adds up .
we have already sent around 200,000 euros to Esitjeni .
Zodwa Dlamini manages the money from Germany .
some of them have up to 14 orphans living with them .
the best way of keeping things under wraps is if people are dead .
AIDS is an absolute taboo subject .
King Mswati III is known for his excessive lifestyle .
a bus full of white people , who sing songs in a black language .
it is more than well-known in the valley of the Ezulweni River .
although the planet lies closest to the sun , it does have frozen water .
there is an ice cover in the region of the planet that lies permanently in shadow .
no-one is linking the discovery of ice with the existence of life on the planet .
the findings could help explain how water reached other regions of the solar system .
there are probes deployed to research the depths of the universe .
Ceres is not a planet according to the new definition of the term .
this star-forming region was discovered by the Spitzer telescope in the Cassiopeia constellation .
new stars are created from gas and dust .
the Pleiades star cluster can be seen with the bare eye at night .
they are the remnants of a moon of Saturn .
the photograph published by the European Southern Observatory shows the Trifid Nebula .
the name Trifid stems from the Latin word trifidus .
astronomers have photographed the signs of a cosmic collision .
the photo shows a section of the Iris Nebula .
this star cloud continually produces new baby stars .
researchers presume that it only came into being shortly after the Big Bang .
the telescope is thought to have been invented in 1608 by Hans Lipperhey .
the mirrors in telescopes have become large and the insights that they provide increasingly profound .
the Hale telescope in the Palomar Observatory near San Diego was the largest telescope in the world .
the inner workings of the Gran Telescopio Canarias are huge .
this even matches that of the world 's largest reflector telescopes .
researchers can listen for extraterrestrial signals in space .
in the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence SETI every computer owner can be of assistance .
the European Extremely Large Telescope is also being planned .
the two Keck telescopes at the Hawaiian volcano , were the largest in the world .
the Mauna Kea Observatory can look to the heavens with the help of the Subaru telescope .
another huge new telescope is also to be built on the Mauna Kea .
since March 2009 the Kepler space telescope has been searching for extra-solar planets .
the Space Telescope will be launched into space .
one of the telescope 's tasks is to search for light .
there is no reliable data in support of this as the Messenger orbits around the planets much closer to the north pole .
scientists can now be certain .
this is the deep south of Azerbaijan .
this is the home of the Caucasian people group .
the small town is bursting with overpowering architecture from Soviet times .
the journey from Azerbaijan 's capital city , Baku , is too arduous .
it takes eight hours to travel the 323 kilometres .
the fabulous wealth has not yet arrives here in the province .
Pilata Fatulayeva ( 48 ) is convinced that Lerik has what it takes to be a tourist attraction .
Baku became famous in May due to the Eurovision Song Contest .
she is the Director of the Museum of Longevity .
here the lives of eight dozen Talysh from the area who lived to older than 100 are documented .
the man married three times .
there is no scientific proof of age .
is it the traditional way of life that keeps the people young ?
eight people live here under this roof .
tea is prepared in Armadu glasses .
beneath her headscarf she conceals long , dark blond plaits .
I have always washed my hair with milk .
she has only eaten what she could get from her own farm .
Mirzayeva receives 230 Manat per month as her pension .
perhaps Mirzayeva 's long greying son is right .
his speech was aimed at the entire population .
Egyptians and the world are not entirely sure what the 61-year-old engineer really wants to save .
234 articles are in some aspects cause for concern .
judicature is justified on the " principles of Islamic law . "
there is concern that the Islamists will make use of the woolly formulation and the resulting room for legal manoeuvre in favour of a stricter interpretation of Sharia law .
this can mean that the clergy will oversee legislation .
state institutions could even use this article to control the content of cinematic art .
tens of thousands gathered on Friday evening at the Tahrir Square in Cairo .
the revolution is back and we are going to be victorious .
noble Peace Prize winner Mohamed El-Baradei explained that the constitutional draft belongs on the rubbish tip of history .
he accused Mursi 's followers of wanting to lead " a coup against democracy .
if he calls for the referendum , we will go to his palace and overthrow him .
we have not yet grown tired .
the Koran is our constitution .
a struggle for control over the symbolic Tahrir Square provoked events verging on civil war .
the Muslim Brothers stated that both those against and those in favour .
now is the time to let the population decide at the ballot box .
Hafez Abu Saeda is furious about this forced constitutive process .
the term human rights does not even appear once in the new constitution .
these measures are blatant breaches of the ground rules of democracy .
Saeda feels abandoned .
you are letting loose a monster that you can no longer control .
Norway 's people enjoy highest standards of living .
could the secret of success be connected to appetite for smelly fish ?
rakfisk is trout sprinkled with salt and fermented in water .
Norwegians flock to a festival devoted to this most , well , captivating of foods .
" you eat it raw , and then swallow a glass of aquavit , .
if you can avoid passing it under your nose , it is not bad .
rakfisk is a product of very different , poverty-stricken times in Norway .
in the depths of winter , it is taken out .
the population is expanding fast - more than 13 % are immigrants .
people from Sweden stream in to work .
but then everything is expensive .
Norway does not often make it on to the global news agenda .
people here are still loath to mention by name Anders Breivik .
Norwegians find it difficult to believe that one of their own was capable of such brutality .
all but a small percentage of money from the industry is invested in a special fund .
when everyone else was throwing around money they did not have Norway kept its purse strings tightly bound .
" as long as we can ski in winter and go hiking in summer , " says Anna .
the hotel I am staying in is one of a number of venues hosting a rakfisk dinner .
there is a live TV link up to a compere .
a congested city at the best of times .
the aim wasn 't to stop commuters .
Mexico 's new president Enrique Pena Nieto will receive the presidential sash .
my government has a great commitment to the Mexican people .
Mr Pena Nieto 's previous political experience was as governor of his home state .
opinions about the new leader are divided .
to reach the town you can drive along one of Nieto 's new motorways .
plaques bearing his name also hang outside a modern sports centre .
we are looking to him to bring about real and lasting change .
we 're hoping for an interesting and true change .
that is not the impression many people have of their former governor .
the military was called in to help tackle the drug gangs .
the bodies of dozens of murdered women have been dumped over the past two years alone .
more than 1,000 women were killed in Mexico State while Mr Pena Nieto was governor , a rate higher than in the city of Ciudad Juarez - a place synonymous with the murder of women .
he failed to adequately address the problem of femicide while he was in office .
a picture of Mariana looks down from the walls .
but that can 't be right .
tens of thousands of families have been affected by violent crime in Mexico .
I hope he 's the same kind of president as he was a governor ,
Manning acknowledged that he rated treatment by his guards as excellent .
manning responded that he would verbally express concern about issues and that the visiting officers concerns and indicate that they would be addressed , but they didn 't record the issues .
the judge asked Manning why he didn 't complain about his treatment examining the suicidal thoughts .
his intention during that meeting was to get his " prevention of injury " status downgraded .
they put him on this restrictive status .
" I wanted staff to know I was fine , and ( I wanted to ) get off the POI status .
once at Quantico , Manning said , he spend most days in a small cell with no company .
he said he tried to keep moving .
if guards could not see his face , he said they would wake him to roll back over .
he was never given a chance to cover himself with his blanket .
manning testified that he was forced to sleep naked the previous night .
manning said that he told the officer that he could have used the waistband of his underwear .
the defense plans to have Manning plead guilty to lesser offenses .
the hearing is scheduled to resume this weekend .
counts include aiding the enemy and theft of public property .
I had barely made my way down the concourse .
Mexican president-elect Enrique Pena Nieto visited the White House to meet with President Obama .
pena Nieto was eager to talk about the growth of the Mexican economy .
he wants to partner with the United States and Canada .
Pena Nieto vowed to continue Mexico 's war against the drug cartels .
most Americans never give a thought to the fact .
Mexico has winners and losers .
we 're aware that many of the elite Mexicans in the ruling class don 't like us .
some Mexican leaders want to reconnect with the Diaspora .
they want to put Mexican-Americans to work as makeshift ambassadors .
we would pressure political leaders to strengthen ties with Mexico .
many of us are not so sure that it is a great country .
the leaders of Hamas will claim to have forced the Israelis to back off .
Israel has failed to destroy Hamas .
Hamas is gaining on the West Bank .
Turkey , a resurgent regional power that was once Israel 's closest Muslim ally , has taken up Hamas 's cause .
the rise of the Muslim Brotherhood under President Muhammad Morsi in Egypt has changed the region 's balance .
Israel 's Iron Dome anti-missile system has proved its worth .
in diplomatic terms , America is as steadfast as ever .
Israel has prospered , especially under Binyamin Netanyahu .
Mr Netanyahu is sitting pretty .
would they not fire rockets , just as their compatriots have done in Gaza ?
even if the Islamists have little love for Israel , their priority will be tackling difficulties at home .
repression is undermining democracy in the Jewish state .
the answer remains : two states , with Israel ceding territory for security .
the hope is that the ceasefire will give a little more leverage to outsiders pushing that cause .
that would do more to create a Palestinian state than the imminent bid for virtual statehood .
the only difference between the packs , are the brand names , and these are all printed in identical small font .
the aim is to deter young people from smoking .
the changes will have little impact on multinationals ' profits .
counterfeiters will bring lots more of these products down to sell on the streets of Australia .
the potential hitch is the popularity of social media .
tobacco marketing has moved online .
Freeman noted an increase in " average Joe " reviews of brands .
the uniform packaging made it harder to stack his shelves
it used to take me an hour to unload a delivery .
I spent five unexpected hours in an airport .
half a day in an airport waiting for a flight is pretty tedious .
it 's all right for us - and our children - to be bored on occasion .
most of us are almost consistently plugged into one screen or another these days , we don 't experience the benefits of boredom .
the trouble is that it has been defined in many different ways .
what separates boredom from apathy is that the person is not engaged but wants to be .
the core experience of boredom , he said , is " disruption of the attention process , with a low mood and a sense that time is passing slowly . "
people who are bored tend to see the problem as the environment or the world .
some groups heard a loud and unrelated television program , others heard it at a low level barely noticeable , while the third group didn 't hear the soundtrack at all .
the ones who heard the low-level TV reported more boredom than the other two groups .
distracting music can help you not be bored .
we all experience boredom .
Professor Larson said he did not know .
adolescence is a peak period for boredom .
because in its extreme it can lead people to take absurd physical risks .
many philosophers and writers discuss the connection between boredom and creativity .
boredom is the brain 's way to tell you you should be doing something else
if you 're bored and use that energy , it will make you happy .
if you watch TV , it may make you happy in the short term .
what people are really searching for is a way to unplug and enjoy down time .
one day in September he and a few friends were driving in Lamar .
Mr. Orozco was issued a summons for possession and drug paraphernalia .
the answer in hundreds of minor drug cases depends less on the law than on location .
police departments have stopped charging adults 21 years and older for small-scale possession .
prosecutors have vowed to press ahead with existing marijuana cases .
several towns are voting to block new , state-licensed retail marijuana shops .
this thing is evolving so quickly that I don 't know what 's going to happen next .
they are looking for guidance on how to set up a system of licenses .
Colorado , is ahead of most states in regulating marijuana .
the police would enforce city codes regulating medical marijuana growers .
our office has an obligation to prosecute offenses .
the response has been complicated even in places like rural Mesa County .
the police in Grand Junction are no longer citing adults .
the county 's district attorney supported that decision .
" I do not think I 'm wasting my time .
although 55 percent of Colorado voters supported the measure .
the contradictory reactions across the state lay bare a deep ambivalence .
" it 's a cultural barrier " with district attorneys , said Sean McAllister .
they spent so much of their lives prosecuting people .
Colorado and Washington are poised to become national test cases .
they are anxiously awaiting direction from the federal government .
the federal government has mostly allowed medical marijuana businesses to operate in Colorado , Washington and 16 other states .
the western city of Montrose took up a six-month ban .
we don 't want to be put in a position where we license somebody .
my father and my elder brother had been at a modern-day wine-blushed Greek symposium .
I 'd packed my bags , precipitating the first scandal of my life .
I objected to fellow undergraduates having sex in the room next to mine .
A N Wilson announced that I 'd departed .
not on account of my rather outré name .
a group of them demanded the same equal-rights protection as gays .
conservative members claim they are " personally attacked " .
they want to create a post on the college 's equal opportunities committee .
their situation wasn 't helped by a recent documentary .
it featured graduate Joe Cooke travelling in a Rolls-Royce , sporting a silver suit and silver-topped cane .
Conservative students say they are being treated as scapegoats .
there is a growing Left-wing bias at universities .
this poses a threat to the atmosphere of intellectual discussion .
I was to find that the dons connived in the taunting of Tory undergraduates .
strike , privatisation and the government 's opposition to sanctions against apartheid South Africa were brought into the wood-panelled rooms of the tutorial .
please translate the first paragraph .
" I suggest you take some basic French lessons in your spare time " Pitt snarled .
I felt a light tap on my shoulder .
it will be worse for you .
you 're the daughter of a fascist pig .
the only openly Tory don was Norman Stone .
he was hated for being Conservative and one of her speech writers .
he loathed the place as provincial and petty .
I began commuting from Oxford to my parents " house .
during a tutorial the following week , when another history don had suggested , that I was an " enemy of the people , " I decided to do the same .
I admitted to being " brainwashed by my parents " and called them " old fools . "
even more tragic is that it was Oxford , which hides behind an ill-deserved reputation for equality .
ABC speaks with Naty Abascal , Fiona Thyssen-Bornemisza and other of the Italian designer 's famous clients .
Somerset House is the only place in the British capital worthy of hosting a Valentino Garavani exhibition .
the designer acknowledged a retrospective apotheosis that brings together over 130 couture gowns created by his fashion house over the past 50 years .
this exhibition is the culmination of a story whose only protagonist is " signore " Garavani .
Valentino exhibits these personal memories as if they were trophies of his social ascent to idol of the international jet-set .
we both lived in the Alps .
after a fashion show in Piazza di Spagna in Rome , we went for dinner at his flat .
you could see and feel his " spirit " in every detail of the flat and its decor .
all the guests were made to feel important and loved .
names stand out such as Sibilla of Luxembourg , Gloria von Thurn und Taxis , Mette-Marit of Norway , Rosario of Bulgaria and Sofia of Habsburg .
your first Valentino is like your first love .
it was a pair of trousers from the autumn-winter collection .
it was a gift he gave me .
I prefer him to other designers because of his femininity .
I love the colours he uses .
I dreamed of reaching the age when I 'd wear one of his gowns
I bought my first Valentino dress to wear at a party .
it was a red dress .
Valentino is indifferent to fashion , his obsession is timeless .
Princess D 'Arenberg looks after her couturier gowns with " the utmost care .
the " grand finale " of the Somerset House exhibition is Marie-Chantal Miller 's wedding dress .
that dress represents a high fashion milestone of the late 20th century .
I 've been struck by his manner and appearance .
for four euros , the Indonesian volcano porters risk life and limb .
this is the case of Anto Wijaya , one of the miners who make their living taking sulphur from the Kawah Ijen volcano .
he has to descend every day to the bottom of the crater .
he carries them in two bamboo baskets on his shoulders along the steep stone paths .
they know that one slip could cost them their lives .
this is PT Ngrimbi Candi , a company which , since 1960 , has been exploiting the volcano .
we generally carry 70 kilos , so we get about 46,000 rupees a trip .
each one takes three hours and you end up exhausted .
it seems a pittance for such an inhuman effort .
he has asthma , difficulty breathing , coughs and his eyes are irritated .
I 'll go on working two more years .
he does the work of a mule .
Anto descends the crater and lights the path with a small torch .
" this work is for animals , not people " protests Madrusin who has been working at Kawah Ijen for three decades .
Unainik can only carry 50 kilos .
I 'll die here because the volcano has been my whole life .
poverty perpetuates from generation to generation in one of the hardest jobs in the world .
these verses are part of an advert for mint sweets .
the phrases are part of a rap and make use of local references .
Douglas Hamilton , says he wanted to use the power of music to make people perform their " national duty . "
we are the worst at reproducing our own progeny .
we knew the Government had tried many things .
a government package for marriages and parents grants up to USD 15,000 per child .
the birth rate in Singapore stands at 1.2 children per woman .
this has given people a wider range of options in terms of life goals and priorities .
these changes in social norms have contributed to increasing numbers of people who are single .
immigration policy aimed at dramatically increasing immigration to cope with the population decline has created resentment among the local population .
there are websites where xenophobia is widespread and thinly disguised .
increased immigration is seen as one of the reasons why .
while a fall in the birth rate has known effects on a nation 's economic growth , in Singapore 's case there are also some unexpected consequences .
its urban development authority has started to control the number of small apartments .
there is concern that they may promote a single-living lifestyle .
he admits that the new regulations give clearer guidance to developers .
although these new rules may be a step towards increasing the national birth rate .
men and women alike mention their careers .
Government is trying to encourage its citizens to have children .
it means the quality of private life or " the level of privacy which a person is entitled to protect from any interference .
do they understand the dangers by airing information ?
they are very secret secrets .
it is bad to post obscene pictures of naked people .
I can talk quickly to relatives far away or my friends .
this teenager has accounts with Hotmail , Facebook , My Space and Ask .
we have something in common .
the boy says that no-one has suggested anything to him .
I 'd just delete them from my account .
I would do it if I didn 't like somebody .
they should understand that the purpose of social media is to inform .
the scholar Marc Prensky coined these terms to explain the phenomenon .
we are the digital immigrants who have to teach them .
they have to be selective when what matters most is to have thousands of friends .
the most effective way to teach children and teenagers what privacy is , is through questions that make them think .
people should act the same way on social networks .
they have solid grounds to talk to their children .
it is important to remind children the " don 't talk to strangers " lesson .
the Sixth Presidential Summit of the South American Union of Nations ( Unasur ) concluded today in Peru .
when asked about the text , they pointed out that the content had been disclosed by Peruvian President .
the little information that circulated among reporters was given by the press spokesmen of some of the UNASUR governments attending the meeting .
the only document released during the summit was the list of attending presidents .
the Peruvian President sent an email to the media with the " final statement " of the summit , but this was Humala 's statement , and not the official document .
Peru hosted the Third Summit of South American-Arab Countries .
the Peruvian authorities were at pains to ensure that there were broadcasting systems assured for all the journalists .
the summit concluded with the joint commitment of Chile and Peru to accept a ruling .
we will obey and execute the order that currently defines the differences we are bringing before this international court .
Paraguay was not involved in the meeting .
host President Ollanta Humala was responsible for opening the session in the morning and closing the summit .
the President read the document which reported that 16 agreements were adopted and the action plans laid down for 31 projects between the South American countries .
it was mentioned that UNASUR countries will take important steps .
economic consolidation ( in Latin America ) should not have a triumphalist attitude .
the need for Latin America to remain a prosperous , peaceful and integrated nation , with good neighbourly relations ,
I might have a meeting with President Daniel Ortega .
the treaty with Nicaragua will require a conversation with Nicaragua .
we handle this in the most civilised manner possible .
the bloc 's foreign defence ministers met in advance to approve the 2013 Action Plan .
Surinam and Paraguay make up UNASUR , although the latter is currently suspended .
Rafael Correa , said that the creation of a common citizenship is a goal that " South America must learn from Europe . "
he defended the project to establish South American citizenship .
" it is incomprehensible that the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights is in Washington under US funding .
he does not regret that decision , but has respected his " deep democratic and human rights values . "
I have not spoken to him since he was at our embassy .
there is the danger that his mental health may deteriorate due to being locked in a small space .
we do not negotiate with human rights .
Correa took the opportunity to reassert himself as a defender of freedom of the press .
socio-economic poverty can only be corrected by political power .
my political movement believed that it was me who ensured that probable victory .
it would be my last period in office .
Chavez went for treatment , he would win the campaign and return to Cuba .
" it was like a bomb dropped on me " he says , recalling the time of the announcement .
he decided to care for his illness alone and began to learn about it ; .
he is one of the oldest patients in the HIV Unit of the Guadalajara Civil Hospital .
the director of an IMSS clinic refused to discharge him .
the average life expectancy of Mexicans today is 76 years .
if I 'm going to die , I 'd rather have a blow-out three times a week .
the gaps between health programmes and ordinary citizens are huge .
condoms should be placed behind counters , packets of one hundred should be in public toilet dispensers frequented by young people .
it is not about paying for their beers or motel fees .
it is best to provide condoms to those already practising sexual activity .
the state is 4th in the nation in cases of AIDS .
50,000 people may be living with HIV , as for each registered case there are 4-5 people who do not know they are positive .
it seems that the proceedings in support of survival are not valid in the land of stars and stripes .
the decision opens the door for the leading glass manufacturer in Mexico .
the UN Model Law for International Trade Law Uniformity was created for this purpose .
there are half a dozen examples .
the latter blames Vitro for the difficult situation it has faced since 2008 .
an appeal for review by a higher court will be filed .
the proceedings headed by Carlos Diaz Chavez Morineau has just filed a criminal complaint .
we are talking about a huge sales and distribution centre in Mexico , Central America and the Caribbean .
Canacintra had managed to unite the governors of the southeast of Mexico .
the action was taken even though the Senate had ruled out the possibility .
the housing developer Homex is placing securities exchange certificates on the market for 500 million pesos .
few people in Puerto Rico have a mental recollection of local basketball history .
the walls of his house are almost totally decorated with pictures .
those were my best years .
Gene Bartow said to me ' I 've got a very strong player for you .
Bartow then recommended the Sharpshooter Gausse Raymond .
the 1990 World Cup , where we came fourth and it should have been bronze .
it 's one of the best .
a team that maybe was not the best in terms of members .
we had a very good team .
the BSN had up to 17 teams in a season .
the boys of Ponce only play in their area and only get to face teams from other parts of the island in the national playoffs .
at least I see the fruit of table officials and referees .
the most I do is listen to music , watch music videos from my era on YouTube .
enjoy the company of my wife .
Larry Hagman became a symbol of greed in the 1980s .
Larry was back in Dallas , representing the role he liked .
Linda Gray was with Hagman when he died in a hospital in Dallas .
Hagman was diagnosed with cirrhosis of the liver in 1992 .
Hagman became famous on television as a decent guy in the light comedy .
he played Captain Tony Nelson .
he also starred in two sitcoms that were not aired for long .
his film work included roles well received by critics .
but it was his masterful interpretation that led to Hagman reaching his peak of stardom .
the drama series aired from April 1978 to May 1991 .
Jr got her pregnant .
Victoria Principal recalled Hagman .
he is unforgettable and irreplaceable .
ten episodes of Dallas were broadcast with great success .
he had already finished recording five episodes for the second series .
there was no statement from Warner or TNT .
Hagman was the son of actress and singer Mary Martin ,
he tried his luck in the New York theatre scene in the early ' 50s .
the couple had two sons , Preston and Heidi , and lived for a long time in the Californian city Malibu .
he called his memoirs " Hello
I didn 't put anything in it that I believed would hurt anyone or affect them in any way .
he became an organ donation promoter .
I meet with them when they come for their surgery .
I try to offer some comfort .
" I didn 't realise this was going to be the most apocalyptic term ever " said charmé .
if you look at what has been happening in the world , this has been a really good period .
and he is not the only professor who offers courses on the " end of the world .
we looked at why these ideas proliferate over time .
I 've tried to inform students about what is possible .
the final exam will be taken on the eve of the Apocalypse .
we received emails for weeks and weeks before the start of the term .
I find it fascinating to see what people do to console themselves .
will Wekesa said he had seen all the apocalyptic movies .
" our first project was about the Mayan prophecy and to a certain extent we discredited it " said Julie Zeglen .
Western culture suffers from apocalyptic anxiety .
the Philippines are not taking part in the end of the world .
the Town Hall traffic lights were installed because this was a school route .
we have the museum , two churches , the spa gardens , the bus stop , a doctor 's practice and a bank .
an additional set of lights were required to ensure safety .
around 12,000 vehicles travel through the town of Gutach on the
a total of four road safety inspections were carried out .
the traffic light system itself is the most modern system that is currently available on the market .
they are energy-efficient : the older light systems consume around 100 Watts , with the new ones consuming just eight .
the top radar sensor checks the traffic status .
if a group of people or if disabled persons are crossing the street , the green phase is extended .
light had barely turned green for pedestrians when a luxury vehicle sped through on a red light .
the eight-person ensemble work their way through the text material .
the performance glosses over the script with a host of director 's additions .
only towards the end does the highly charged performance start to wind down .
America 's road planners struggle to find the cash to mend a crumbling highway system .
they are exploring how they can move to a system in which drivers pay per mile of road they roll over .
thousands of motorists have already taken the black boxes .
the country 's Highway Trust Fund is broke .
the gas tax is just not sustainable .
it is no surprise that the idea appeals to urban liberals .
he , too , sees it as the most viable long-term alternative .
" this is not just a tax going into a black hole , .
the movement is also bolstered by two former U.S. Transportation secretaries .
the U.S. Senate approved a $ 90-million project .
the House leadership killed the proposal .
50 volunteers ' cars were equipped with the devices .
concerns about Big Brother were a major problem .
there is no need to build an enormous , unwieldy technological infrastructure that will inevitably be expanded to keep records of individuals .
it was seeking to break into an emerging market in auto insurance .
but the devices it is testing appeal to highway planners .
people will be more willing to do this if you do not track their speed and you do not track their location .
motorists would be attracted to participate .
all the talk about paying by the mile is just a giant distraction .
officials say Congress could very simply deal with the bankrupt Highway Trust Fund by raising gas taxes .
" there is no need for radical surgery when all you need to do is take an aspirin , .
hundreds of millions of drivers will be concerned about their privacy .
two fire fighters equipped with respiratory gear prepared to enter the building .
the exercise was a chance to show what can be achieved .
" education is an important factor for the location , " highlighted Claudia Stehle , Director of the Hans Thoma School .
since 2011 , there has been successful collaboration in Wälderstadt between the Support Centre .
increasing number of employed persons are looking after the long-term care .
the resulting burden placed on employees could result in the termination of the employment contract .
the need for skilled workers can be covered .
he experienced the efforts undertaken to develop public transport .
" you must continue to be tenacious and make sure that local public transport becomes even better " .
it was 15 years ago that the Kaul family first invited the Dietingen senior citizens for coffee and cake .
the ongoing procedure plans to involve the Regional Memorial Authority in the planning stage and to draw up a renovation concept for the old wall .
a cost calculation is to be performed by a team of professionals .
deep cracks in a number of individual stones testify to the weather damage .
the school yard renovation was originally planned back in 2008 / 2009 .
the Regional Memorial Authority will have a major say in the historic school wall renovation .
town of Bräunlingen would hope to receive subsidies from the monument preservationists .
the pupils of the Bräunlingen Primary School will soon be able to use the old school yard as well .
I do not think it is right to abandon training .
Özdemir is in disagreement with the Green-Red State Government .
this government is urging the reorganisation of the five music colleges in Baden-Wuerttemberg .
the jazz and pop courses are to be relocated from the Stuttgart Music College to the Mannheim Music College .
three suspects were detained in relation to the discovery .
investigators are working on the assumption that it was build by architects and engineers .
since 2006 , eight tunnels of this type have been discovered .
town Musical Director has composed a commissioned piece on the occasion of the anniversary .
the new chronicle is to be presented on 21 or 22 November .
the town of Geisingen was first officially documented in the year 764 .
the deed was drawn up in Kirchen .
one reason for choosing 2014 to celebrate is that it also coincides with the 40th anniversary of the Community Reform .
should the railway crossing be reconstructed at great cost ?
safety at railway crossings is to be increased - collisions between trains and other vehicles occur at these across the country .
larger vehicles would be able to wait there in the event of oncoming traffic .
the " Hirschen " railway crossing is used for the transportation of long logs .
the route would serve as a bypass for vehicles .
the councillors agreed to have an investigation .
the reconstruction of the railway crossing should not be consented to .
the trains themselves must also be sufficiently slowed down .
for their " Cosmic Vision " programme , they are looking for ideas for two major space projects .
the elite in the field met to discuss proposals for such missions .
four main questions were chosen by the ESA .
the precise processes for the formation of stars from large gas clouds lie in proverbial darkness .
the " Cheops " space telescope is to be launched in 2017 .
astronomers could map planets similar to Earth and even analyse the composition of their atmospheres .
the magnetic activity of a star play an important role .
it is possible to investigate these processes in our solar system .
with the " Solar Orbiter , " the ESA has already approved an M-class mission to address this matter .
what role the giant planet has played in the development of the solar system .
the " Juice " probe is planned to begin its journey in 2022 .
outer space offers many possibilities for studying substances under extreme conditions .
deviations could show physicians a new theory .
thus far , researchers know neither which physical laws , nor what dark matter and dark energy consist of .
the probe is to examine the distribution of material in the universe .
physicians perceive changes in the structure of space-time .
it could also prove gravitational waves created during the Big Bang .
proposals that have already been ruled out include proposals for bringing samples back from Mars , conducting research on the moon .
German MP Hans-Christian Ströbele on Thursday met Mr Snowden in Russia .
Mr Snowden said he believed the support of the international community .
Germany claims that the NSA bugged Chancellor Angela 's Merkel 's phone .
according to the former NSA contractor 's lawyer , Mr Snowden would not be able to return to Russia if he left .
if Mr Snowden testified in Germany he would need assurances that he would be " safe " there .
the letter extends an offer to cooperate with German authorities .
small bags under the seat will still be free .
it will charge $ 25 if the fee is paid in advance .
finding overhead bin space has become increasingly difficult .
one passenger in line at a Frontier gate might get to bring a bag on for free .
o 'Malley said Frontier 's website and check-in procedures are being changed .
they argue that luggage costs money to handle .
spirit Airlines Inc. started the first carry-on fee .
the only other airline with such a fee is Hungary 's Wizz Air .
Sorensen flew Spirit recently and wondered what he 'd find at the gate .
frontier said passengers who get soda or juice can keep the whole can .
us Airways briefly tried charging for beverages in 2008 but backed down .
frontier 's move is its latest effort to steer customers toward its own website .
that has given all airlines an incentive to steer passengers to buy directly from them .
it began giving half as many frequent flier miles to customers who bought through an online travel agency .
revenue dropped 9 percent and its flying capacity shrank almost 13 percent in the first quarter .
at least 40 women attended the last women 's breakfast of the year .
the theme of the day in the parish hall was " Sayings from the Bible "
Zita Köhler agreed to give a talk on Biblical proverbs after breakfast .
she explained the meaning and origin of the expressions .
the prizes were placed on a table and were humorously paraphrased prior to being presented to the winners .
49 men and women will be trained as qualified hotel and restaurant staff over the course of three winters .
what 's innovative about it is that the six-month courses end with diplomas .
the agency will not have to fund unemployment .
also involved in the project are the Chamber of Industry and Commerce in Neubrandenburg and the German Hotel and Restaurant Association .
NSA.gov was not accessible for several hours tonight because of an internal error .
online server trackers noted the NSA 's website had been down for six hours , and the site continues to be inaccessible .
NSA spokesperson told ABC News the agency 's internal , sensitive network was " not at all " compromised .
one hacktivist group online claimed that they were responsible for bringing down the NSA site .
DDoS attacks are designed to flood a target website with traffic .
the cyber tactic is a relatively unsophisticated one .
we have barely any skilled workers in the fields of skilled crafts and trades , healthcare and geriatric care .
we are clearly disappointed by the margin performance in transportation .
the market will become more skeptical of the program .
Bombardier hopes the CSeries aircraft family can catapult it into the low end .
potential buyers wait for flight test results .
chief Executive Officer Pierre Beaudoin was confident Bombardier .
the second of five test planes is expected to take flight in the coming weeks .
still , analysts are skeptical .
Bombardier said it was evaluating the entry-into-service .
" this slow pace of flight testing reinforces our view that entry-into-service will be pushed to Q1 / 15 , " said Doerksen .
Bombardier 's net profit fell to $ 147 million from $ 172 million .
the world 's fourth-largest planemaker said it delivered 45 aircraft during the quarter .
the backlog in the aerospace division was $ 32.9 billion .
Bombardier , the world 's largest trainmaker , said revenue in that division rose .
the order backlog in the transportation unit was $ 32.6 billion .
shares of Bombardier were down 8.5 percent at C $ 4.83 on Thursday .
Brazil 's Embraer SA reported a 10 percent fall in quarterly profit on Thursday .
the " Los Angeles Times " reported that the man is dead .
eye witnesses reported seeing a shooter with a gun in one of the departure lounges .
an employee told of how he had heard two shots fired .
the incident began at 9.30 am ( local time ) .
Basharat Ditta would feed sensitive intelligence to crime lord Neil Scarbrough .
Ditta was a " regular user " of the Class A drug after tests found traces of cocaine in his hair .
they were later jailed after police seized heroin and cocaine .
the lawyer 's downfall came after police discovered he had been in regular phone contact with Ditta .
two detectives trailed the suspect and spotted him arriving at Ditta 's house in and was seen to place the drugs under the lawyer 's bins .
Scarborough was in regular phone contact with Ditta .
the court heard Ditta was a " regular user " of cocaine
ditta was arrested later but denied using cocaine .
during his arrest Ditta picked up his wallet .
he ran an office at his home address as well as work place and clients would call at his house on legal business .
but the court heard he would call major players in the drugs supply chain after key arrests .
if anyone should know not to the break the law , it is a criminal solicitor .
Mr Ditta is accused of abusing his position as a criminal solicitor .
the relationship we are talking about is a drug dealer providing his lawyer with drugs .
he thwarted the police 's investigation as much as possible .
he got too close to certain clients , and allowed his independence to be compromised .
Mr Ditta turned from criminal solicitor to a criminal himself .
his addiction to cocaine left him hopelessly compromised and vulnerable to the motives of leading members of organised crime groups .
let this case serve as a warning to criminals .
thirty five other men involved in the racket were jailed .
the mass to be performed as part of the church services .
Parish Council will bring about fundamental change .
in a joint meeting on Saturday , the committees prepared for the changes .
this is because there are no further changes to be made to the fundamental decisions of the diocese .
Georg Schmitt explained the newly drawn-up guidelines for pastoral care units .
the SE Haslach will be a corporation under public law , which shall assume the rights and obligations of the six individual church communities .
there will then only be one joint Parish Council .
at least two elected members are to be represented .
accounts payable will be passed over to the " church community " as a whole .
investments were only made in projects that could be managed by the individual parishes by themselves .
Barbar Ritter has practical experience of a joint committee for five parishes .
the Committees of the Haslach pastoral care unit set out to answer questions .
the specific details will be confirmed in subsequent meetings .
Michael Schöner from Steinach presented the new logo .
families of four in Pfullendorf will be on the receiving end of a price increase of EUR 70 to 90 per year .
this levy will be reset by the four operators of the large power grids .
they estimate the additional costs which they will be able to recover .
the supervisory council of the energy company even assumed a levy higher than that reported by Jörg-Arne Bias .
figures must now be calculated before the municipal energy cmpany can inform its customers .
the waiting time must be " appropriate , .
Becker advises that you wait at least five minutes .
anyone who drives on in spite of a red light will be fully liable for any resulting accident .
anyone who waits for less than five minutes has not waited long enough .
he was spared a driving ban .
Mayor Ralph Gerster has good reason to smile .
the administrative budget came in at more than EUR one million higher than originally planned .
the administrative budget surplus , stood at around EUR one million above projections .
the surplus is due to higher trade tax income .
because fewer investments were made in the 2012 .
they managed to increase the general contingency reserves by around EUR 2.1 million .
" a job like this is not something you achieve overnight , .
these good figures that could soon work out expensive for the citizens .
from time to time this has resulted in subsidies being reduced by the state .
we have to address the subject of municipal rates , as there are investments to be made in the coming years .
Hubert Wermter 's story with the Cäcilia Male Choral Society is almost twice as long as that of the Autumn Festival .
he still finds great pleasure from singing with the choir .
the Vollmaringen Male Voice Choir got things running .
they had also prepared a short serenade as a tribute to their honorary singer .
Betra Male Voice Choir also sang classic choral pieces such as " Jägerwerben " by Julius Wengert , " weit , weit weg " by Hubert Goisern .
with its mixed choir and its ladies ensemble - Impulschor , the Salzstetten Choral Club ensured that female quota was fulfilled at festival .
the Schwarzwälder would like to support the institutions in granting their construction and renovation wishes .
they can register this with the Schwarzwälder Bote .
get creative with your children and surprise the judging panel .
Zollernalb will select three wishes from those submitted .
it must be possible to fulfil the wish using construction materials to a maximum value of EUR 2,000 .
they will be delivered to the nursery schools on an agreed day .
restrictions on content and advertising would damage Kenya 's place in the global economy .
the passing of the bill comes amid a string of measures to reinforce national security .
police chief David Kimaiyo reacted by summoning two journalists and a media executive .
the tribunal also has the power to seize the property .
the measures could have a devastating effect .
" no one will ever know , " wrote Nation journalist Mutuma Mathiu .
politicians would bankrupt the country and take us back to hunting and gathering .
they voted to overturn cuts ordered by the national salaries commission .
the official inaugural ceremony did not wane in significance for the town and the football club .
everyone hoped for pleasant conditions for the ceremony .
this was the case for the musicians who accompanied the ceremony .
Chairman Albrecht Schlenker got fairly wet .
his thanks went first and foremost to Mayor Walter Klumpp .
it was way back 15 years ago that solutions to the problem were first considered .
thoughts turned to laying an astro-turf pitch .
specific plans were drawn up two years ago .
the Town Council decided to cover the remaining EUR 356,000 .
during the construction phase 3,000 cubic metres of earth were removed .
the SPD would like to put an end to the pressure .
the SPD substantiated its opposition to a car toll charge promoted by the CSU .
the introduction of a toll for cars would only be a first step .
" When will it be summer again ? " was not the question .
a 41-year-old was travelling in the direction of Grefrath
he went to turn right .
Vienna Airport is following an international trend .
the airports in Kopenhagen , Frankfurt and Dubai have already done away with the noisy call-outs .
they have been given a touch of Swabian colour .
teams and individual competitors will be pitted against one another .
Heinz Koch from Weilen unter den Rinnen will also be there .
the celebrations will get under way on Friday .
event is organised by the community hall association .
50 grams of apple sauce are also suitable .
a dough becomes fluffy .
around 800,000 Germans currently have a vegan diet .
the pupils of the Schwarzwald Grammar School got to know the American city of New York .
they headed straight for Brooklyn Bridge .
from here there is a fascinating view of the world-famous skyline .
they were able to visit the Statue of Liberty on the second day .
on the third day , the pupils were able to take in an overview of the fascinating city from the viewing platform of the Empire State Building .
they then made their way through the hustle and bustle of the New York streets .
following a short flight from New York to Boston , the pupils have now arrived with their host families .
a Hubert mass will be celebrated in the Parish of St. Marien .
St. Hubert was later appointed Bishop of Lüttich .
hunting horn group " Jagdreiter Westfalen , " under the directorship of Brigitte Kluth , played old , traditional French melodies .
the wind players provide musical accompaniment mainly for riders , horses and packs of hounds on drag hunts .
déjà vu is defined as a psychological phenomenon .
a glance into the internal workings gives the onlooker a positive feeling .
it looks like a place designed to make you feel good .
the team here , with business founders at the helm , spoils guests with a wide range of coffees and cocktails .
the owners have already made a name for themselves as restaurateurs .
the pair hope to appeal as much to young students as they do to senior citizens and all age brackets .
you just cannot please everyone .
I am always only appealing to those who have expressed an interest in the special event .
this is with regard to the quality of the products that are offered here .
this is to the delight of many Kleve residents .
this year the " Friedrich Wilhelm Dinker " MGV issued an invitation to its 165th anniversary celebration .
all those present enjoyed the friendly get-together in the name of music .
the Board of Directors gave special thanks to the team managed by innkeeper .
the United Nations is to start work immediately on a new set of goals to replace the millennium development goals .
Australian diplomats played a key role in pushing to replace the MDGs .
they were included in the final draft of the document .
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon told the summit overnight .
member states have agreed to launch a process to establish universal sustainable development goals .
a positive mood is still prevailing within the top flight handball team .
if they are to finally get back on the winning track .
we want peace back .
fearful about the future of her country , she swapped her corporate attire for a T-shirt emblazoned with " we demand security .
there have been almost daily reports of clashes between government forces and RENAMO .
RENAMO was once a notorious rebel movement .
analysts believe the country is unlikely to slide back .
the ruling Frelimo party and RENAMO blame each other for the tension .
the government initiated the latest clashes by launching an attack on its members in Sofala province .
RENAMO already said that it would boycott municipal elections .
some commentators have interpreted its use of force as the attempt of an ailing movement to win concessions .
he does not want multi-party democracy .
Rio suspended its use of the railway .
RENAMO wanted to warn the international community that things were not going well .
" no one cares about RENAMO and Frelimo , they just want peace again , they want free access to the roads .
children should be taught myths and legends as " models for a way of life ,
Arthurian legends reveal the importance of having a dream .
I find it wonderful that in America , myth and folklore already has a part in education .
authors and teachers being " overtly didactic " is a " total switch-off " for children .
big difference between an adult author writing for an adult and an adult author writing for a child is the necessity for some sense of hope .
Heinrich Hansjakob moved into his retirement home in Haslach .
Marcus Zagermann guided the audience .
he travelled with a two-horse carriage drawn by " Schwarzwälder Füchsen .
not only was he received with great applause but was also welcomed by his sister .
Billy Sum-Hermann managed unbelievably well to place herself in the role of the sister .
with their song , they delighted the audience in the FREIHOF .
Hansjakob expressed his criticism of the institutional church .
we will not participate in the wild card process .
" we are not concerning ourselves with the wild card process until it is certain that Düsseldorf is not receiving a licence .
the focus will turn to Haigerloch in the period after 1850 .
while in the church eyes will also turn to the last supper painting , painted by Friedrich Schüz with the support of Walter Kröll and Georg Halbritter .
the meeting point for the one and a half hour tour is the Nuclear Bunder Museum
the former US intelligence expert may make further statements regarding the US espionage scandal .
representatives of the Prosecutor could submit questions in writing or meet the 30-year-old in person .
this was reported by the Interfax Agency .
Snowden would be at risk of deportation .
the tennis division of the Sportfreunde Rohrdorf enjoyed perfect weather .
the matches were doubles matches or a maximum duration of 45 minutes .
the organisation was placed in the trusty hands of Anja Schlichter .
the tournament moved into the crucial phase .
the favourites , Andre Maier / Matthias Bronner , were tied with Michael Klippel and Sadmin Osmicic , meaning that the last two games had to produce a victor .
Carmen Müller finally had the pleasure of presenting the Challenge Cup to Andre Maier .
the Open Air Museum will once again be firmly in the hands of children .
there is a suitable activity .
the young guests will be able to demonstrate their manual skills .
the host of old games promises plenty of fun .
the open air museum will be offering a mystery tour .
visitors will have the special opportunity to get to know the open air museum .
story-teller will be taking the younger guests to the wonderful world of fairytale
visitors to the open air museum can expect a varied holiday programme .
in a small town in New Zealand , Burt Munro is considered a lovable oddball .
Rhenus Midgard is also active in the field of wind park logistics .
the signals are for the purpose of security .
unfortunately , in the event of unfavourable wind , they can be heard from far away .
the is taking the complaints very seriously and has therefore been in touch with those affected .
Rhenus Midgard is continuing to focus on coal exports for power stations .
it has for some time now been possible to unload capesize bulk carriers here .
5 million tonnes of coal imports per year will be realistic .
the second transport belt could see this rise to 10 million .
the guests managed to turn a
we fought back incredibly well against the two-time Euroleague champions .
created and overseen by Caroline Hirsch .
most of these headliners appeared at Carolines .
several of the comedians participating in this year 's festival came up through nontraditional channels .
Steinberg started as a standup comedian .
the city is definitely in the comedy DNA .
it will without doubt be a long path .
on Tuesday , armed with machetes and knives , they stabbed the 11-year-old to death and threw the body into a well .
the body was found .
a five year-old half-sister of the younger offender was to make a statement as an alibi .
the two boys confessed to the pre-meditated murder of the 11-year-old .
the District Court of Constance has condemned a 33-year-old man .
the former German soldier made a confession within the context of a plea-bargaining procedure .
he prevented the women from making contact with the outside world .
the accused claimed that he was suffering from severe trauma .
at least four further cases of exploitative human trafficking could be identified .
a witness , is yet to make a statement .
this is a case of a " completely broken personality .
I hope to lead a completely normal life .
benchmark U.S. crude for December delivery was down 14 cents .
that suggests China 's economic recovery could continue to strengthen .
Brent crude , fell 26 cents to $ 108.58 a barrel on the ICE exchange in London .
the judge had ruled in August the city violated the Constitution .
the city appealed her findings and her remedial orders .
judge had ruled that police officers violated the civil rights of tens of thousands of people .
New York City agreed to end the practice of storing the names and addresses of people .
Stop-and-frisk has been around for decades in some form , but recorded stops increased dramatically .
a lawsuit was filed in 2004 .
supporters of changes to the NYPD 's stop-and-frisk program say the changes will end unfair practices .
opponents say the changes would lower police morale but not crime .
the judge noted she wasn 't putting an end to the stop-and-frisk practice .
Wolfgang Henne described the history and fascination behind the " Helping Hands " society .
Hanne , has performed countless operations on several journeys to the location .
Rainer Prewo made the suggestion of equipping this vehicle with a photovoltaic system .
you learn a great deal working as a doctor in Africa .
in addition , containers with materials are regularly sent to Africa , for example when medical devices were sent .
he identified his personal motivation as being his work in the area of auditing .
he decided to help the Africans with controlling of their budget by the people .
former News of the World editor Andy Coulson allegedly used " phone hacking , surveillance and confrontation .
a tape of voicemails was seized from Mulcaire 's home in August 2006 .
investigators also found entries on the private investigator 's computer .
during the period she was being investigated , Ms Pawlby 's grandparents received anonymous calls asking for information about her .
Coulson told her : " I 've got a story that we 're planning to run tomorrow that I really would like to speak to Charles about . "
Mr Edis said Coulson 's involvement in the story followed the same pattern as with other important men .
the French Football Association is set to actually go through with the first strike since 1972 .
the government and the professional football association have manoeuvred into a cul-de-sac .
President François Hollande welcomed club and association representatives to Paris .
the strike announced for the end of November will now go ahead .
the Ligue match days will be cancelled .
we want to involve the residents in the planning at as early a stage as possible .
the final decisions will be made by the members .
Häußler commented that the flood that found Gechingen unprepared on 15 May 2009 .
a river basin study was commissioned in collaboration with the neighbouring community of Aidlingen .
the goal is the protection of as many developed plots of land as possible .
there was resentment among residents of the old town , who have suffer as a result of the overflowing of the canal network , during normal thunderstorms .
two car drivers were seriously injured in a head-on collision on Landesstraße 44 .
the police blocked off the road .
the 19-year-old female driver of a VW Golf was driving in the direction of Revensdorf .
the two vehicles collided , it took the fire service almost half an hour to free her from the vehicle wreckage .
Philip K. Dick was a God seeker .
the kingdom of breathtaking technical progress , paired with paranoia , a fixation on security and the belief of having been chosen .
Dick had God experiences .
he wrote a ' Theology of the Computer ' .
" minority Report " originates from the year 1956 .
here the principle of the " pre-crime " is developed .
mutants look into the future - and the police have access to this insight .
in our society we have no major crimes , but we do have a detention camp full of would-be criminals .
Dick 's tale acts as a blueprint for the anti-terror laws .
the Police Chief argues that there is no more division of power .
Edward Snowden , may make further statements regarding the US espionage scandal .
Ströbele was the first German politician to meet with Snowden in Moscow .
on a mild day in late August a German police helicopter buzzed low over the US consulate in Frankfurt .
BFV hoped to identify the presence of listening antennas .
European governments and business leaders are no longer sure whether to take the director at his word .
the US National Security Agency spied on Brazilian oil company Petrobras .
Germany must wake up .
German companies believe the US now poses almost as big a risk as China when it comes to industrial espionage and data theft .
no evidence to date that the US has passed on foreign companies ' trade secrets to its own companies .
politicians have expressed concern that the EU lacks certain IT and internet capabilities .
" that 's not the way , " Hasso Plattner says .
if one wanted a strong European IT industry , one shouldn 't have let it die out .
the reach and technical sophistication have come as a shock to some companies .
European executives have become more aware that data stored in the US is potentially vulnerable .
these data must therefore be guarded at all costs .
" this has been a topic for many years , " says Kurt Bock , chief executive of chemical maker BASF .
Americans spy on us on the commercial and industrial level .
corporate leaders are not generally keen to boast about the countermeasures they have taken .
Ulrich Hackenberg , board member at carmaker Audi , says it has been standard practice for years for mobile phones to be collected .
Germany 's BFV advises executives to consider using simple prepaid mobiles .
small and medium sized companies often lack the experience to protect corporate secrets effectively against unauthorised access .
France alongside Russia and Israel in a second tier of offenders who engage in hacking for economic intelligence .
the French are the worst .
suits with a waistcoat and neckerchief are most popular .
the parents of a Georgia teenager believe their son was murdered .
Kendrick Johnson was found Jan. 11 stuck in an upright mat .
Lowndes County sheriff 's investigators concluded Johnson died in a freak accident .
they believe that it defies logic .
he is conducting a formal investigation into Johnson 's death .
" I am of the opinion that a sufficient basis exists .
Moore added that if he uncovers sufficient evidence .
the number of school-age children suffering from food allergies climbs .
the guide contains information for schools on how to make faculty and staff aware of children 's food allergies .
schools have epinephrine stocked to respond to potentially fatal anaphylaxis .
the aim of the law was to take the pressure off parents .
" I am neither a man nor a woman . "
" some people have life-endangering conditions that require surgery , but most kids do not , .
the report also gives an overview of the discrimination faced by intersex and transgender people .
Australia and Nepal allow adults to mark male , female or a " third gender " on their official documents .
German passports will have a third designation , for intersex .
dozens of French lawmakers signed a petition for " gender theory .
parenting is stressful enough , especially if you don 't know the gender of your child .
historically , children born with both male and female genitalia were called hermaphrodites .
the medical community thought of gender as a slate .
" back in the middle of the 20th century , it was called a ' psychiatric emergency , ' .
" money presented the case as a successful case of transition " Drescher .
survivors of these gender surgeries have come forward " not happy with the outcome . "
Jim Bruce was born with XY male chromosomes but ambiguous genitals .
Bruce 's external organ and testes were surgically removed .
Bruce was born with a DSD .
Anne Tamar-Mattis worries that the German law " invites labeling and stigma . "
a lot of activists are concerned that what the German rule will do is encourage parents to make quick decisions .
so all we can do is speculate .
Tamar-Mattis said that her organization supports the Australian law .
now at 29 , Katie is married .
it gives them the time to do some tests .
it brings the children into the decision and takes away the anxiety .
ultimately , the child will decide and that 's a wonderful thing .
the assailants fired on a group of children .
the shots came from a small car .
because the home owners realised this immediately , the egg remnants could be cleaned off at once .
no material damage was caused here either .
residents reported that a car was wrapped in toilet paper .
her house is located in a peaceful neighbourhood in Stuttgart .
the lady has had to experience for herself what it means to move from floor to floor with a disability .
our home is the best example of a property that simply doesn 't work in old age .
it was simply just a pretty apartment in green surroundings .
she is one of the few people to actually deal with the topic of ' living in old age .
you should always take the fact that you may become ill into consideration .
this type of residential community would not be for me .
the author does not wish to rule out the possibility that a pensioners ' residential community can work .
therefore the experience of the study is also that elderly people would accept inconveniences and limitations .
there are many possibilities for designing the house or apartment .
Ries recommends that all those working on the age-appropriate renovation of their house or apartment first seek out in-depth information .
you could install a stair lift inside the apartment .
following a recent meeting with Snowden in Moscow , Hans-Christian Ströbele appealed to the USA not to continue to threaten him with prosecution .
comments were the views of a parliamentarian .
I am Edward Joseph Snowden formerly employed as a technical expert for the United States National Security Agency .
I have faced a severe and sustained campaign of persecution .
I am currently living in exile .
citizens around the world as well as high officials have judged the revelation of an unaccountable system .
these spying revelations have resulted in the proposal of many new laws .
the benefits to society of this growing knowledge are becoming increasingly clear .
I look forward to speaking with you .
the Town Council consented to the sale in its most recent meeting .
President Barack Obama 's closest advisers secretly considered replacing Vice President .
the revelation is the most notable bombshell from Mark Halperin and John Heilemann
only half a dozen of the President 's closest advisers knew the change was under consideration .
Daley confirmed that the administration did in fact consider replacing Biden with Clinton .
re-election campaign made a significant investment in finding out whether the move would pay dividends at the polls .
the former chief of staff admitted that it 's " possible " Obama knew .
Cooper asked Martin whether he seriously thought Obama did not know about the research .
no attention was given to interception-proof exchange of mail .
when " Anna " sends an email to " Benni , " are the pair 's computers connected ?
checks are generally carried out by the sender 's provider .
the robots also identify the information that Google requires for displaying context-based advertising .
if Anna and Benni communicate about their upcoming holiday travels via Gmail Google can display holiday offers .
he first covered up the death of the 89-year-old .
the man was already under suspicion back in May .
the mother and son had lived in the same residence for more than 15 years .
the ice cream reacts with the eater 's tongue .
ice cream lights up when it reacts with the heat of the mouth .
so as your mouth warms up it will raise the pH level and the ice cream will glow .
it is probably the most expensive ice cream I have made .
company is famed for its unusual flavours .
it is inherently impossible because of the refraction caused by the ice crystals .
TSV Morsum are yet to score a single point in the Handball Association League .
Ingo Ehler 's team has a derby match against TSV Daverden tomorrow .
for this match he finally has his complete squad available , with the exception of Hendrick Blohme .
Daverden 's coach Thomas Panitz comes across as much more relaxed .
Panitz is now looking to come up with the goods in Morsum .
my sister and I were allowed to eat candy .
the majority of Americans will be celebrating Halloween this year .
costumes are expected to account for $ 1.2 billion dollars .
I 'll bet the Daft Punk space men will make it into our Instagram feeds this year .
that 's around 600 million pounds worth of Hershey bars .
that 's great news for the 41 million trick-or-treaters set to take over our neighborhoods .
the one thing we don 't want to consume , candy corn .
they have the best names , like " Terror Behind the Walls "
Charlie Brown introduced us to The Great Pumpkin when we were kids .
the " baby in a pumpkin trend " started only last year .
Illinois , grew 542 million pounds of pumpkin this year .
this comes at the same time as a possible shortage of ministers .
God 's voice is quiet , the world is loud .
I am the master of my own schedule .
this would suit the young people of today , as it is not just about your career .
around 60 pastors retire every year .
it may be difficult to fill positions in sparsely populated outlying areas .
options include upgraded brakes .
drew Bowler said : " rally customers coming to Bowler have changed . "
they 're not all experienced racers .
the Defender Challenge will provide a training and test day in February .
fire crews called to rescue lost puppy after she got stuck
a puppy had a lucky escape after fire crews were called to lift her .
nine month-old cocker spaniel Ruby survived three days alone before being rescued from a quarry on Wednesday .
her owners Scott Alderson , 25 , and his girlfriend Becky Hall , 20 , were at Flappit Quarry in Denholme .
they had searched frantically for their missing dog .
a Technical Rescue Team from Cleckheaton Fire Station rushed to the scene .
Ruby was taken to the vets for a check-up .
the pop star sang backing vocals for Jagger 's 2004 song .
Perry a guest appearance on the Rolling Stones .
continued non-compliance would be a cheap concession for Brussels to offer up .
one that is so long in the tooth it has become fossilised .
parties which are dedicated to opposing the EU , or to scrapping the euro as a common currency , are gaining ground .
the austerity imposed by Berlin and the European Central Bank has led many people to think Project Europe has gone too far .
the crisis of the euro has little to do with national governments .
the euro system locked in its members at exchange rates favourable to German exporters .
southern Europe finds itself with a built-in productivity disadvantage vis-à-vis Germany .
wage freezes won 't stop the European petrochemicals industry being hammered .
after the war , the French political elite saw the EU as a vehicle to keep Germany in check .
Berlin no longer needs Paris as a passport to political legitimacy and has imposed its own economic policy on Europe .
the Front is now the most popular party in France with 24 per cent of the vote .
she wants to use next year 's EU elections .
anti-EU parties could dominate the European Parliament for the first time .
sometime soon growing anti-EU and anti-common currency feeling in Europe .
the EU won 't disappear .
Germany and a few of its satellite economies might keep the euro .
Washington 's growing interest in the Pacific suggests Britain will be left out in the Atlantic cold .
we can defend our own economic interests .
it would be ridiculous now for Scotland to vote for independence .
should a mother be alarmed if her daughter begins to sprout breast buds ?
usually , this does not signal a rapid progression into full puberty .
there is debate about what constitutes the actual onset of puberty .
rapid progression may rule out serious problems .
there are treatments to delay early menses .
recommendations for drug or hormone therapy are based on the child 's age .
suppressing puberty may alleviate behavioral issues and girls .
they worry about the risk of pregnancy or even how they will handle hygiene .
yet , there 's no consistent body of evidence that hormones in milk or other foods are to blame .
patterns of early puberty appear to be influenced by everything from economic conditions to climate to genes .
we need to be careful about how we identify the true onset of puberty .
girls who blossom early need reassurance that , the process is a normal part of life .
how the back of the plane is laid out .
Boeing says its revamped "
Airbus says the competing version of its
Airbus is appealing to the public ahead of the Dubai Airshow , where the
it recently previewed what may be the start of a new ad war by showing financiers ?
Boeing is proposing long-distance flying in seats narrower than regional turbo-props .
an extra inch in seat width improves sleep quality .
disputes Airbus 's figures on seat measurements is not up to manufacturers to step into decisions .
it really comes down to providing flexibility to airlines and allowing them to do the things that they believe they need to do to be successful .
for flyers it is about more elbow room .
seat layout is exactly what drives the battle between the latest jets .
Boeing 's performance claims depend in part on comparing the
the reason Boeing are doing this is to cram more seats in to make their plane more competitive .
analysts say full
Airbus was stressing the need for more cabin customization .
without the support of the only other maker of large modern jets , experts say its call for a new industry standard is unlikely to fly .
the new vaccine contains a harmless virus .
the antibodies hunt down any nicotine molecules in the bloodstream .
mice who had not been given the vaccine chilled out , a sign that the nicotine had reached their brains .
the cost of the new vaccine is lower .
Prof Crystal said that if a future human vaccine was completely safe it could be given to children before they were tempted to try a cigarette .
" they will know if they start smoking again , they will receive no pleasure from it due to the nicotine vaccine .
former NSW minister Joe Tripodi has denied changing maritime leases policy at the request of his political mentor Eddie Obeid .
Mr Tripodi knew of Mr Obeid 's secret interest .
the government had been pushing for the leases .
Mr Tripodi was initially in favour of public tenders .
he denied the changes were made at the request of Mr Obeid .
was the matter being the development of the commercial lease policy .
warplanes struck a target inside the city of Latakia .
historically , that meant it was white labour that had to be protected .
immigration Minister Brendan O 'Connor has implemented five of the recommended changes .
a 35-year-old Sri Lankan asylum seeker died of a suspected heart attack .
a study aiming to increase the benefits to Scotland of the
Keith Brown said he was " excited " to work with the UK government .
in June the government revised the estimated cost of building the high-speed link
this is to include the possibility of eventual journey times from Glasgow and Edinburgh to London .
18 cities including Glasgow and Edinburgh will be better connected .
Keith Brown called on Mr Carmichael to " unequivocally " back Scotland 's inclusion in the HS2 network .
high speed rail has the potential to bring huge economic benefits to Scotland .
so we are excited to work in partnership with the UK Government .
I look forward to reviewing the report of the investigation .
Australian airline passengers will need to continue turning off their tablets and smart phones during take-off and landing .
Australian carriers are looking at the decision but have indicated they have no immediate plans to change their procedures .
the issue is covered by regulations which require aircraft operators to ensure safety .
Virgin was amenable to a change .
electronic devices cannot be used during take-off and landing .
we are always interested in regulatory developments that could benefit passengers .
for US carriers , the impact of the ruling will vary from airline to airline .
carriers will need to prove their planes can tolerate radio interference .
it can allow passengers to use lightweight electronic devices .
the group also recommended that heavier devices should be safely stowed .
the south stand was initially unusually quiet .
at the front a single large flag with the text " Stadium Ban Section " blew in the wind .
even stadium announcer Norbert Dickel did not raise spirits .
the south stand was left until the end .
some of the travelling BVB fans fired flares into the crowds of spectators and onto the pitch .
" there will be massive impact for the entire Ultra movement , .
Watzke prohibited the Ultras .
the Ultras were given the option of several different punishments .
Janani Amirthalinga is swapping a gold bangle , ring and pair of earrings .
my husband and I have just bought a house .
the monthly family income is insufficient .
pawning jewellery is not merely a fast way to land cash .
typically pawnbrokers in Singapore charge an effective annual percentage rate of 17 per cent .
pawnbrokers have the advantage of not requiring credit checks or proof of salary .
millions of people across the region are turning to pawnshops .
this week Standard & Poor 's cited increasing household leverage as a risk factor .
economists are also worried about high levels of consumer debt .
historically high prices for gold in the past two years have added to the rush to pawn personal belongings .
70 per cent of items pawned at the city-state 's 200 pawn outlets are gold .
people are saying the gold price looks good .
in Thailand EasyMoney has seen an up to 20 per cent rise in the number of customers .
discount lenders have come under fire .
monetising personal assets does not increase household debt .
they include wealthy individuals who need to borrow short term for business ventures or investments .
the Federal Government insists a $ 325 million rescue package for Tasmania 's ailing health system .
Federal Health Minister has announced the Commonwealth is taking urgent action to head off a crisis .
there 's also money for walk-in clinics in Hobart and Launceston .
these investments respond to the ideas that front-line clinicians have told me will be the best ways to tend to Tasmania 's health system .
a three-person commission will be set up .
Mr Wilkie today said the $ 325 million would count for little .
he nevertheless praised the Government for responding to his request for urgent assistance .
the reason we are here is that the Labor State Government ripped $ 430 million out of its health system .
you can 't have a state government ripping out almost half-a-billion dollars .
not one dollar out of the rescue package would be spent on additional bureaucracy .
a young aristocrat sent to a convent by her family .
she experiences extreme cruelty at the hands of a wantonly sadistic Mother .
the completion of destruction is a significant milestone in timeline that aims to destroy all of Damascus ' chemical weapons by mid-2014 .
the country is believed to have around 1,000 metric tons of chemicals and weapons .
the announcement came as fighting raged Thursday in the town of Safira , which experts say is home to a chemical weapons production facility as well as storage sites .
the activist group said Thursday that 120,296 people have died .
on the government side , it said 29,954 are members of President Bashar Assad 's armed forces .
among the dead it said were 2,202 army defectors and 5,375 opposition fighters .
Assad 's troops have been battling rebels .
the inspectors said they had completed their first round of verification work .
the chemical weapons program items they contained were moved to other declared sites .
the facility in Safira was one of the two sites that OPCW inspectors were not able to visit .
Syria has submitted a plan for destruction of its chemical weapons .
" I salute the fortitude and courage you 've all demonstrated in fulfilling the most challenging mission ever undertaken by this organization , .
the civil war pits the primarily Sunni Muslim rebels against Assad 's government and its security forces .
there had been a strong explosion inside an air defense facility .
survivors have reacted with anger over the sentence given to the last of the plotters .
Patek was yesterday sentenced to 20 years in jail .
the 45-year-old was found guilty of mass murder for the attack on two nightclubs in area of Kuta .
he was also found guilty of a number of other terrorism-related charges .
prosecutors had demanded a life sentence .
he lapsed into a month-long coma in the wake of the bombing .
Mr Hughes said Patek should have shared the same fate as three other members of the Jemaah Islamiah terror cell responsible for the carnage .
he had avoided capture for almost a decade .
an FBI agent testified that Patek was in Pakistan to meet with bin Laden in an effort to re-establish links .
the verdict comes ahead of the 10th anniversary of the attack later this year .
how fast the change is implemented will vary by the airline .
we could approve expanded use of electronic devices very soon .
passengers are required to turn off their devices .
they 're not supposed to restart them until the planes reach 10,000 feet .
most new airliners are expected to meet the criteria .
connecting will be prohibited .
National Transportation Safety Board Mark Rosenker said that cell phones are still considered a risk .
an industry advisory committee recommended that the government permit greater use of personal electronic devices .
critics contend there is no valid safety reason for the prohibitions .
some studies indicate a third of passengers ignore directions to turn off their devices .
the FAA began restricting passengers ' use of electronic devices in 1966 .
new airliners designed and approved by the FAA to be resistant to electronic interference .
the vast majority of airliners should qualify for greater electronic device use under the new guidelines .
other committee members said there are only anecdotal reports from pilots and most of those reports are very old .
the committee recommended the FAA allow pilots to order passengers to shut off devices during instrument landings in low visibility .
a travel industry group welcomed the changes .
the water rail was put on a helicopter to Aberdeen last month .
this water rail was likely a winter migrant from Northern Europe who got caught up in strong winds over the North Sea .
business for Britain launched in April with a pledge to bring business together .
the vast majority of businesses are now looking to export outside of Europe .
this finding shows that business is pushing for a " meaningful change .
this poll shows that British business backs his plan .
a better deal for British business is necessary as the eurozone embarks on the road to closer economic and fiscal union .
the priority must be jobs and growth in Britain .
a contractual dispute between Gazprom and its counterparts in Ukraine adds a layer of risk to conventional routes .
the direct connection to Bulgaria means geopolitical risks .
Bulgarian consumers will receive gas from South Stream .
this was the message of the 9th ' Immobilientag ' organised by the Börsen Zeitung .
the German property markets are benefiting from the country 's economic strength and general conditions .
German commercial properties are sought after is evident .
there was an increase of 31 % .
the FAA is easing restrictions on the use of electronic gadgets .
investors kept their focus on what matters more : the Federal Reserve .
the California woman plans to challenge , saying the Internet-connected eyewear makes navigation easier .
even close allies keep things from one another .
two YMCA NSW employees had been charged with child sex offences before allegations were raised against Caringbah child care worker Jonathan Lord in 2011 .
he knew about the first case but did not know about the second one .
he conceded the YMCA 's opening statement to the commission was also inaccurate .
Lord was convicted for sexual offences against 12 boys .
but Mr Hare rejected the suggestion the YMCA had a cultural problem .
staff gave evidence they observed breaches including Lord being alone with children .
the decision was made by YMCA general manager of children 's services Liam Whitley .
he said there were " serious problems .
Tony Blair said he 'd seize the chance to return as Britain 's prime minister .
the 59-year-old aired his views on various domestic policies .
the inseparable pair - who are the same height - were commended for appearance .
he tipped his cap and paraded Toffee around the ring .
the two of them walked off with the gold cup .
we were all ecstatic when he won .
the youngster , from the village of Nantyglo , near Ebbw Vale , South Wales , is following in the footsteps of his aunt Sharon Howells .
Fenton is animal mad .
the way he has started he 'll be at the Horse of the Year show and he 'll do well .
Fenton is only three but he knows how to handle his pony .
they look for good teamwork between the pony and the handler .
a Chinese newspaper that made a front-page appeal for the release of a reporter accused of defamation is to be overhauled .
he had taken bribes to fabricate stories about a part state-owned company .
the " rectification " order came from the Guangdong Administration .
Yangcheng Evening News Group 's New Express had published several untrue reports .
" impose an administrative penalty on Chen Yongzhou by revoking his reporter 's license . "
his newspaper published two front-page appeals for his release .
I 've caused damages to Zoomlion and also the whole news media industry he told state broadcaster CCTV .
New Express issued a front-page apology .
drug smuggling tunnels between the USA and Mexico has been found .
us authorities described tunnel as the most sophisticated they have discovered .
the tunnel links warehouses near Tijuana , Mexico and San Diego , USA .
authorities seized eight-and-a-half tons of marijuana and 327 pounds of cocaine .
some of the largest tunnels have been discovered after central Mexico 's marijuana harvest in October .
in 2010 , authorities found a roughly
in an interview with US journalist Katie Couric , Bloom said sometimes life doesn 't go exactly as we plan .
these indulgences are off the menu for vegans .
vegans refrain from eating all products of animal origin .
it wasn 't just the diet that convinced me , but also my choice of shoes .
the vegan has quickly discovered entirely new products that really inspire him .
the temptation factor is a decisive factor in causing many to quickly give up , similar to with smoking .
Proctor brings aubergines , mushrooms and also a few vegan sausages .
it is dubious whether the vitamin B12 content in meat sold in freezers is actually high , " commented Proctor .
in home cooking , there is much to be discovered .
Proctor has even managed to astonish his in-laws with his vegan cheese cakes .
you have to be tactful in such matters .
and on closer observation , the everyday world does not appear quite so ' un-vegan ' .
they will perhaps be inclined to expand their menus .
meat dishes are exclusive as they rule others out .
people seem to quickly lose courage when following a code of ethics .
on the other eleven options markets , business continued as normal .
the most recent incident is the latest in a series of both small and large breakdowns .
, the Nasdaq indices were not calculated for one hour due to data transfer errors .
Goldman Sachs sent large quantities of incorrect purchase orders .
the stock exchange operators required almost an entire day to look through and delete the orders .
the pedestrian was thrown against the wall of the building , and then fell onto the ground .
Btitish police served an extradition notice today on WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange .
Scotland Yard said they had served a " surrender notice " on the 40-year-old Australian requiring him to appear at a police station .
Scotland Yard has served a surrender notice upon a 40-year-old man .
Assange fears he will be extradited from Sweden .
this move could make some foreign investors reticent to buy property in London .
the movements of a dog 's tail are linked to its mood .
happy dogs wag their tails more to the right .
why their tails sometimes go one way , sometimes the other
when they spotted a tail veer , their heart rates picked up .
the dogs were intentionally communicating through movements .
dogs have learned from experience what moves they should and shouldn 't feel worried about .
the findings could give owners , vets and trainers a better insight into their animal 's emotions .
this was not the first study to examine whether left and right were important to canines .
that dogs turn their heads to the left when looking at an aggressive dog and to the right when looking at a happy dog .
it will probably not be long before we understand why their tails sometimes go one way , sometimes the other .
the band 's announcement came after they were forced to similarly postpone a gig .
Pope Francis will create new cardinals .
Cardinals are the highest-ranking clergy in the Catholic Church below the pope .
once a cardinal reaches 80 he is no longer permitted to participate in the election of a pope .
Father Federico Lombardi , a Vatican spokesman , said a meeting of all the existing cardinals would be held before the ceremony to elevate the new cardinals .
the number of cardinal electors was likely to have dropped .
usually a pope would name as many cardinals as was needed to raise the number of cardinal electors back to 120 .
group of eight cardinals from around the world tasked with looking into ways to reform the church .
Valero said popes typically elevated bishops from large places to the position of cardinal .
general Motors Co is recalling nearly 19,000 of its all-new 2014 Chevrolet Silverado and GMC Sierra pickup trucks .
" if the vehicle is struck from behind , the head restraint may not properly protect occupants , increasing the risk of injury , .
GM 's truck roll-out began in June .
NHTSA could not review the owner notification letter due to the
sales of the Silverado and Sierra trucks were up about 20 percent during the first 10 months of the year .
it 's a book that I thought would uplift me .
it 's called " The Audacity to Win .
it 's hard to remember those days of optimism .
moreover , I believe that partisan obstructionism has upended too many efforts to push our nation forward .
after the countless times in which I have found myself defending the Obama administration , I 've reached a limit .
it cannot account for assassinating Anwar al-Awlaki without a trial .
it cannot justify the findings of a report that says the White House 's efforts are the most aggressive .
governance may contradict the political campaigns that precede it .
they largely seem to be of the administration 's own choosing .
Mitt Romney presented a confusing alternative who could not seem to lock down his positions .
he told his staff that they needed to get back on track and stay true to the purpose of their cause .
billionaire MP Clive Palmer says Prime Minister Tony Abbott has a conflict of interest .
the mining magnate , who is in a dispute about paying a $ 6 million carbon tax bill .
the Palmer United Party could control up to four votes in the Senate .
why is it that we shouldn 't have a system where you can walk in and have a result at 6.30 ?
the Electoral Commission has been studying options for electronic voting .
Mr Palmer said his policies included an international airport for the Sunshine Coast .
the two traders would be the first RBS employees to be suspended .
people close to the situation said that RBS had turned over records of emails and instant messages to the UK regulator .
Richard Usher left RBS in 2010 .
Rohan Ramchandani , went on leave , while Matt Gardiner was suspended by Standard Chartered .
Mr Usher 's instant message group included bankers at Barclays and Citigroup .
UBS said this week it had taken action against some of its employees .
HSBC , Citigroup , JPMorgan and Credit Suisse have also launched internal probes .
some bankers have tried to play down the affair by saying the vast and highly liquid foreign exchange market is almost impossible to manipulate .
the news came on the same day as Credit Suisse announced it had dismissed a trader at its London exchange .
we are confident the trader acted alone and that the matter has been contained .
citizen 's initiative has given the hoarding on the Bechtle plot .
the planned covering of the dilapidated house was not permitted for safety reasons .
Alfred Abel arranged the face-lift in cooperation with his colleague .
a banner with the message " We are in favour " was put up .
this did little to distract the 20 or so members of the citizen 's initiative from their project .
they wanted to point out the danger of even bigger ruins on the Schweizer Wiese .
" there is currently a dangerous trend , with Mane and Alan being dubbed as divers .
escalation between Salzburg Coach Roger Schmidt and Grödig Trainer Adi Hütter after the game .
Barack Obama 's health care law is constitutional .
chief Justice John Roberts sided with the four more liberal members of the court .
the court further held that the health care law 's requirement is not unconstitutionally coercive .
the law was vigorously opposed by each of the major Republican presidential candidates during the 2012 primary season .
due to the low level of sunshine , from autumn until spring the village of Rjukan in the Vestfjord valley normally languishes in the shadows .
those hungry for sunshine had to travel .
local artist Martin Andersen presented the proposal of directing the sun into the valley using mirrors .
the Town Council finally approved the project , which cost 5 million krone .
only the post boxes are still emptied .
whether there are still Sunday collections is not addressed in the inquiry .
the company is radically and unacceptably cutting back on this .
at least the post boxes in the districts of Neuschloß and Rosengarten must be emptied .
those citizens in particular who are not mobile must also be able to access a post box .
Röhrenbeck asked whether the Town Council was planning discussions with the postal service .
this increase will not , however , be the result of raised prices .
the Retail Committee of the Frankfurt Chamber believes that this is " not a good idea . "
parking right outside their businesses is an advantage to smaller retailers
an increase after two decades is " completely appropriate and actually long overdue . "
the Alb men stood on the other side of the net .
they repeatedly missed the passes and their blocking game was not up to scratch .
the third set was won following a somewhat tame and spiritless performance .
TSV Freudenstadt I : Dominik Bäuerle and Eduard Schulz .
nerves on both sides , particularly when receiving the ball , resulted in errors and lost points .
the great physical effort of Marcus Blasutto 's TSV team proved decisive .
following suggestions from the population , the of the valley was to be cleared .
the landscape provides the ideal framework for fantastic views .
certain species cannot get past barriers in the form of forest areas .
she did not want to fail to say a word in defence .
helpers were to take care of the clearance .
the group that owns thousands of former Nortel patents filed a barrage of patent lawsuits on Thursday against cell phone manufacturers including Google .
Huawei and HTC all manufacture phones that operate on Google 's Android .
Google went on to acquire Motorola Mobility for $ 12.5 billion .
despite losing in its attempt to acquire patents-in-suit at auction , Google continues to infringe .
Mohamed Morsi takes the oath of office .
Islamist Mohamed Morsi promised a " new Egypt " as he took the oath of office to become the country 's first freely elected president .
Morsi also became the Arab world 's first freely elected Islamist president .
hundreds of soldiers and policemen guarded the building .
he was given an official welcome by an army band .
his arrival was greeted with chants from the hundreds gathered in the university 's main lecture room .
Cairo University later became a stronghold of Islamist student groups .
he is bowing to the military 's will in an indication that the contest for power will continue .
this Friday evening , the " Pump this party " event will be taking place .
the man wanted to replace a heating sensor .
as he was climbing the ladder , it slipped away and the man fell onto the concrete below .
the then 21-year-old had raped anene Booysen .
during the trial , Kana admitted to having been in a bar .
he also admitted to beating and raping her .
the police had initially assumed that there were multiple attackers .
Kana was alone at the time of the attack .
rapes are almost part of everyday life in South Africa .
Germany has a much higher number of residents than South Africa .
Uli explained to Jumbo how the Bonndorf company operates .
I would be curious what would happen if you were to measure Roberto Blanco .
the company has upgraded its full year profit forecast .
the travel company now expects its full year underlying profit before tax to be between $ 325 million and $ 340 million .
Flight Centre had made 8 per cent profit in the first half .
our 10 countries are profitable and several are on track for record full-year earnings before interest and tax contributions .
in Australia the leisure business rebounded during the second half .
its US business had recovered its losses during its seasonally weaker first half .
courses will require pupils to study at least one Shakespeare play .
the Department for Education is due to release the new syllabuses in English and maths tomorrow .
the exams regulator , will unveil a shake-up of the structure of GCSEs .
Australian schools provide an average of 143 hours a year .
the rabbits will be presented at the Exhibition .
breeders from the clubs in the District of Soest will be exhibiting their best animals .
the rabbit show will be open to all visitors from 10 : 00 a.m. on Saturday .
guests are also invited to take part in a tombola .
the 46-year-old actress revealed her latest look .
the blonde beauty has had short hair .
the Ecumenical Discussion Forum is an initiative of the Catholic and Protestant churches in Salem .
Johanna Rahner wants to address the question of how people today view the " end times " after death .
we seem to have lost our exclamation marks .
associated with this is the matter of that longing .
Johanna Rahner studied Catholic theology and biology .
a post-doctoral lecturing qualification in fundamental theology and ecumenical theology .
since 2010 , Johanna Rahner has occupied a Chair for Systematic Theology .
Geislingen : more than 100 young Catholics from Kleiner Heuberg stand together
101 15 and 16-year-olds from the Am Kleinen Heuberg pastoral care unit were confirmed .
the service was accompanied by the Laudato-Si Group .
upon receiving the confirmation sacrament , the young people accepted their baptism .
over recent months those being confirmed have been preparing for the special day .
214 cyclists came to Illmensee to take on the circuit .
there were also numerous amateur cyclists who wanted the chance to practice their hobby in a competitive environment , in particular over the short distance of 15 kilometres with a 300 metre climb .
two top-class junior cyclists were also in the starting line-up for the competition .
it was Theresa Duelli of Team Albtraum who managed to take top place .
participants ' ages were also wide-ranging .
Pangerl has already twice been crowned World Champion .
the leading riders were neck and neck on the final straight in front of the Drei-Seen-Hall .
Georges Bwelle watched his ill father slip in and out of consciousness .
you can leave home at 5
there is only one doctor for every 5,000 people .
two out of five people in the country live below the poverty line .
he and up to 30 people jam into vans , tie medical supplies to the roofs and travel across rough terrain to visit villages in need .
when they arrive , they receive a true heroes ' welcome .
others might receive crutches , a pair of donated eyeglasses or free birth certificates .
operations are usually done in a schoolhouse .
Bwelle and his volunteers work into the early hours of Sunday morning .
Bwelle also works nights at private medical clinics around Yaounde .
he is always either at the hospital or trying to make money for the organization .
who come from the United States and Europe to join Bwelle on his missions .
we 've been able to scrub in on surgeries .
helping others live happier lives is something that brings him great joy .
you almost think that you can see the folds in the old man 's neck .
this is a genuine emotion for Janson .
Hemingway told the story of a fighter who ultimately wins the battle against the fish .
he manages to focus the audience 's attention on himself .
during the course of the performance he has the respective active scene illuminated .
beneath Cologne , a sewage channel from Roman times , measuring around 120 metres .
anyone who takes a closer look on parking level
ruins measuring five metres tall are waiting to be discovered .
these are remnants of the Roman city wall .
before returning to daylight , Schulze has participants take a glance into a dark .
we find the residence of what was once the most powerful man to the north of the Alps .
a tunnel leads to the preserved Roman sewer .
you can take a peaceful stroll .
he leads the group to a 16-metre , accessible shaft .
the Jewish congregation built their bath deep into the ground .
the varying levels of the Rhine can be read at the lower end of the Mikwe .
at the Town Hall Square construction work is set to begin shortly .
proceedings for attempted murder have begun before the Frankfurt District Court .
they have been active within the Rocker scene .
the Public Prosecutor accused them of having stabbed and beaten three men .
the men had actually been involved in the bloody feud .
the central point of focus was on mobile phone conversations between the accused and third parties .
Public Prosecutor Stefan Golfier said that new evidence had come to light since the previous trial .
so what could be more natural to pick yourself up a little treat ?
discarded paper bags can be found at the side of the road and in car parks .
the so-called " throwaway society " does not think about such things .
a few bags won 't make much of a difference there .
Republicans have slammed the president for misleading the American public .
Obama urged Americans receiving these notices to shop for new coverage in the marketplace .
most people are going to be able to get better .
" let me say directly to these Americans : you deserve better , " Sebelius said .
the launch of the online marketplace has gone " miserably " since October .
" missiles and related equipment , " which the Israeli government feared were intended .
John Kerry indicated a softening of the U.S 's defensive stance on its surveillance programmes .
the Secretary of State also admitted that he 'd been guilty .
he became the first member of the government to admit that US spying had crossed the line .
surveillance operations had saved many lives .
we 're dealing in a new world where people are willing to blow themselves up .
Senator Chris Murphy said he spoke with European Parliament members this week .
I 'm going to Europe to make it clear to them that we need to continue to work together in combatting terrorism .
the NSA monitored German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's cellphone .
the national intelligence director , James clapper , defended spying on allies as necessary .
Murphy said his office is arranging the congressional trip , expected to take place this year .
he said some " tough love " will also be dispensed .
European leaders need to be honest about espionage programs .
Mr Kerry is scheduled to head this weekend to the Middle East .
CCTV footage later revealed she had returned to her hotel safely .
Bamford was sentenced to serve the
she is the daughter of former Australian league player Peter tunks .
the whole family was " extremely concerned " about his daughter 's welfare .
" it 's obviously been a worrying time but we 're hopeful to have her back home .
she was holidaying at the resort area of Krabi .
Thailand may also be looking to repair its battered tourist image .
