today , the Ukraine parliament dismissed , within the Code of Criminal Procedure amendment , the motion to revoke an article based on which the opposition leader , Yulia Tymoshenko , was sentenced .
the amendment that would lead to freeing the imprisoned former Prime Minister was revoked during second reading of the proposal for mitigation of sentences for economic offences .
in October , Tymoshenko was sentenced to seven years in prison for entering into what was reported to be a disadvantageous gas deal with Russia .
Tymoshenko claims the verdict is a political revenge of the regime ; in the West , the trial has also evoked suspicion of being biased .
the proposal to remove Article 365 from the Code of Criminal Procedure , upon which the former Prime Minister was sentenced , was supported by 147 members of parliament .
Muammar Kaddafi is buried at an unknown place in the desert . without him , the war is over .
as a rule , Islamists win in the country ; the question is whether they are the moderate or the radical ones .
the transitional cabinet declared itself a follower of the customary Sharia law , of which we have already heard .
however , our lifestyle is neither unique nor the best one and would not , most probably , be suitable for , for example , the people of Libya .
their only excuse is that from their point of view , NATO raids were not controlled by an American general , but Allah , the greatness of whom they celebrated with each strike .
we participated in a shooting , served Islam , and our politicians got rid of a dictator , their political ally , without any guarantee of profit .
it is quite likely that they will not . the West will then finally be able to boast about its selfless protection of human rights .
investors are no longer looking at only Italy ; they now focus on Spain , France , Austria , and others .
eurozone statistical offices in Germany , Czech Republic , and some other countries , released their preliminary estimates of economic development in the third quarter .
between the quarters though , the GDP stagnated . according to the Czech Statistical Office , this confirmed the trend of a gradual slowing of economic growth .
in this year 's third quarter , Czech economy showed an interim increase of 1.5 % ; however , it stagnated between the quarters .
between July and September , the economy of both the Eurozone and the European Union grew , compared to the previous quarter , by 0.2 % , which corresponds with estimates by analysts .
despite the fact that the situation in the region is getting worse , earnings of Czech 1 - year bonds stay under 4 % .
the wonderful Petr Čech is one of the reasons the Czech representation team will not miss the next year 's European Championship . and Czech football will thus gain nearly 200 million Czech Crowns .
both teams found it difficult to join in the combination ; the game remained around the mid-field line most of the time .
that was also why there was no pressure from the home team in the first half . long kicks behind the defence were neatly averted by the Czech defence .
at Tuesday noon , students ' prayers in front of the building were followed by their chanting of death to both the USA and Israel .
in its recent report , the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) stated that everything leads to the conclusion that Iran has not stopped striving for a nuclear weapon .
at Tuesday noon , students ' prayers in front of the entrance into Isfahan Uranium Conversion Facility were followed by their chanting of death to both the USA and Israel .
again , we can see the importance of the environment and models surrounding a human being for his or her healthy development .
for example , sausages occur up to half more frequently on the tables of obese children compared to the families of children with standard weight .
over 19 % of obese children had fried chips for dinner the day before the research connected to the educational event called Obesity is No Accident .
the research took place at the end of last year 's school year ; it included almost 900 elementary school children from throughout Bohemia .
it was the second year of the Obesity is No Accident event supported by both Všeobecná zdravotní pojišťovna insurance company and Unilever .
so far , the project has been joined by over 12 thousand school children from 4th to 8th grades .
proper diet and sufficient sports activities represent key defining factors causing dramatically growing number of children who are either overweight or obese .
the worst discovery was the fact that in one tenth of households people do not have breakfast at all .
though over 40 % of children do sports regularly , the number drops down to less than a half - 15 % - when it comes to their parents .
another part of the survey allowed selected children ( 204 boys and 172 girls from 13 schools ) to compose their own menu based on selection offered and their taste and opinions .
" diet preferences of Czech children between 12 and 15 are far from ideal as regards healthy diet . "
" especially alarming is the high popularity of sweet soft drinks , " the final report of the survey concludes .
the survey also showed that children are willing to adjust their eating habits provided they are given correct information .
" many participants from the survey control group showed a significant shift of preferences towards healthy food when completing a questionnaire after the end of the Obesity is No Accident educational lecture , " project results show .
in addition , for their main course , children ticked poultry and fish more often , limiting sweet meals and dumplings .
in the opening article on stylist training , I was complaining a bit about the amount of information in the introductory lessons .
lectures by three experts from the field ; dressing tips for difficult figures ; and a seminar on how it works in practise .
this time , together with Alenka , the Director , ( there is not a single man in the course ) we discussed how to dress a woman whose body is not in perfect symmetry .
one has a short neck , the other has a boyish figure without proper curves , yet another is overweight .
a stylist must know how to optically soften wide shoulders , make the neck look longer , or add the curves necessary .
in a custom-made skirt , you will feel much better than in one that keeps shifting , rolling up , sticking out in your waist , etc .
boyish figures , on the other hand , can wear clothes with ruffling , appliqué , embroidery , or shirring .
given the abundance of such information and figure types , I am glad to have a whole week to sort it all out in my head .
we must cut the clothes out of magazines or find them on the Internet and print and graphically process them .
Saturday 's lecture , filled with information on figure types , was livened up by three guests from the field .
a stylist , Honza Pokorný ; a fashion designer , Jakub Polanka ; and a fashion photographer , Ben Renč .
Jakub reminded us that fashion is an illusion , and a stylist should be able to use this fact .
for example , a trench coat may be worn in the standard way , over jeans and T-shirt , as a coat ; but it may also be worn on naked body , with step-ins , as a dress .
however , I appreciated the following advice the most : " for your work , you need to know the rules perfectly . "
here I finally understood why we drill all the definitions and rules of what to combine with what and why , while in fashion magazines we often see something else .
from Ben , the photographer , I learned that a stylist must have more outfit versions prepared than the number he is to take pictures of .
so , for a ten-page fashion story ( equals ten outfits ) , I have to be ready to create at least fifteen of them .
now I also know that in the picture , a piece of clothing often looks and functions in combination with others completely different from reality .
just look at Madonna , who is no miraculous singer , yet her image and marketing turned her into a worldwide star .
and if someone finally lets us create their styling , then we should expect them to give us different ( smaller ) size than what they really wear .
on Sunday , both Honza and Mario were stressing the fact that for a stylist it is not enough to know about fashion and be able to create an outfit .
our work chiefly consists of communicating with people we dress ; it is therefore important to be a good psychologist .
" if a manager asks you to go through her clothes and add some nice pieces , you cannot throw out her entire wardrobe telling her how awful the clothes are . "
" find at least a few pieces you can praise , and recommend what to wear them with " Mario says .
even when taking photographs in a studio where the surface is even , the soles might get damaged - not to mention shooting outside .
I am beginning to realise that to be a professional stylist is no piece of cake , no matter what people say .
an originally carefree ride turned into a routine morning drive to work because of a series of completely superfluous and sloppy mistakes .
the ambitions were met to a certain point , but it does not matter since nobody obviously wanted to do any extra work .
it promised to shift the old Need For Speed racing series in a new direction ; the demos made it look like a game that might stand up in the action racing genre .
the game represents a possibly decent arcade race , but the whole is burdened by several unnecessary mistakes featured in the series for a number of years .
you are introduced into a story , where the main character , Jack , decides to solve some personal issues by participating in an illegal race across America .
you get in the car on the west coast , in San Francisco , and your task is to be the first one to reach New York .
this means each race takes place on a different route , and given stages are set in varied and interesting environments .
despite the graphics being on the same level of previous parts of the series , some of the environments are very nice to look at .
they are just interactive animations , where most of the time Jack is running away from someone and you need to help him by pressing the right buttons at the right time .
it is a surprise though , that these parts are much less in number than you would expect ( just three to be precise ) .
still , this driving model is fully suitable for the action style racing , even though we could find better at the competition .
from a game of this type , one does not expect complicated deformations and collisions , but when you have no idea , before crashing into any object , how your car will act , something is not right .
this is not such a big deal due to the restart system , but is enough to spoil the fun .
the restarts are done so that if you crash or get far off the track , the game takes you back to the last interrupted point .
this makes it an aid in case something does not work out , but you cannot rely on it completely .
sometimes the restarts are not enough and you need to learn a given section of the race by heart .
a significant shortcoming of the game is the fact that the same things often happen in the same places .
for example , some turns have to be driven through in a specific way , otherwise you simply do not fit in .
at other times you meet civilian cars at a given place in the very same configuration , no matter if you come first , fifth , five seconds earlier , or one minute later .
it makes no difference when you get to them ; everything is set so that the situation always occurs just in front of your nose .
this is most obvious at the end of the game , on a long bridge , where you are driving in the opposite direction .
one can understand the attempt at making the game more interesting and adrenalin-filled , but it is so obvious it gets annoying quickly .
it 's a pity , because despite the simple driving model , the game is entertaining and sometimes even so full of action you do not have time to pay attention to what is happening around you .
it is not important whether the reason you do not get bored is the concept with fifty unique tracks , ordering of races , or something else .
you have to watch out for gas stations along the way , as that is where you car may change despite the fact that in most of the cases the one you have is fully sufficient .
sports cars are suitable for cities ; strong American cars for straight highway sections ; and exotic supersports cars for technical driving , such as along crooked mountain tracks .
the key story mode is closely connected with the challenge mode ; these are the races in individual locations you know from the story .
here , you gain both medals and experience points for your profile , common for both challenges and the story .
you and your car get into a subway tunnel ( let 's say you do ) , where you speed down the tracks in the darkness ( let 's say you do ) .
for several days , our editorial staff kept discussing whether when designing the game no one thought for a moment or whether its authors really think we are such morons .
the technical part of the game is nothing extraordinary ; but the overall visual impression is mostly pleasant , sometimes even great .
it is a pity though , that in some dramatic moments , the recording , in some cases rather tragically , decreases .
this especially concerns accidents with large number of participants , where fluent recoding would not help you much anyway .
in order to please the widest possible young audience , the soundtrack is ' flecked in from all quarters ' ; but there probably will not be many people buying the game because of its music .
it surely is a nice entertainment , but prepare to be blinded by the mistakes with the strength of airport spotlights .
" participating choirs include the Choir of the Pedagogical Department and Humanities ; Václav Hampl , the Rector , will be in the committee , " Jakub Čaloun , head of the organisation team says .
in the evening , in the ceremonial National House in Vinohrady , there will be a " Students for Velvet " concert , featuring university choirs , including those from the Charles University .
the chief organiser is českých pěveckých sborů ( Czech Choirs ) in cooperation with Jan Kepler 's Grammar School .
the entire event is under the auspices of Bohuslav Svoboda , Lord Mayor of Prague , and Václav Hampl , Rector of Charles University .
" at first , critics said he was plain , a grey office mouse who cannot fulfil any roles ; I have to say everyone was amazed at how wonderfully he acquitted his role . "
" he is a person who can listen to all twenty-seven member states , communicate with them perfectly , and who has a clear vision of where the EU should be headed . "
Vicenová further focused on the agenda crucial for the EU in the past , present , and near future .
she said the fall of the government at the time was a great negative causing significant damage to the Czech Republic .
in addition , a new seven-year EU budget needs to be passed , which is very complicated due to the current crisis .
she thinks numerous factors are to blame : for example , the modesty of our candidates and their inability to write motivation letters ; together with low support from the Czech side .
rather than a new European Federation , she finds the concept of two-speed , if not multi-speed Europe , very realistic .
" the number of such institutes will be growing ; it will be a highly two-speed Europe , " Vicenová expects .
should someone search for the word that would best express the IMB strategy , the closest one would probably be " long-term . "
to the wide public , IMB is a symbol of technological revolution ; the company is seen as a highly temporary one , yet it was founded over a hundred years ago .
he believed in his motto saying that numerous world problems can be easily solved if people are willing to think .
his motto : ' think ! ' thus become an imprint around which the life of the future giant would unfold ( as well as the name of its internal magazine that IMB started to publish in 1935 ) .
in the second century , we hope to be able to achieve even more , " says current company Director , Samuel J. Palmisano , on the occasion of the anniversary .
she has been working in IMB for thirty years ; she is currently a Director of Sales , Marketing , and Strategy .
" IBM is not a technology firm ; it is a company that helps to solve business problems using technology , " George Colony of Forrester Research consultation company adds .
during the hundred years , IMB , or the " Big Blue , " as it is called in the US because of its logo , has grown into one of the largest companies in the world .
its inventions include , for example , the cash point , pay card , financial swap , bar code , and floppy disc .
" if your business is defined by movement forward , you cannot be emotionally attached to the past , ' says Samuel J. Palmisano .
that is why IBM easily builds its foundations on many platforms - if they do not work , it leaves them .
this is how it differs from , for example , its competitor , Microsoft , which basically stands and falls on Windows , its operating system .
since 2000 , IBM has sold low profitable assets worth 15 billion dollars . during the same time , it has invested 58 billion dollars into purchasing of perspective technologies .
IBM follows the legacy of its first director , Thomas J. Watson , who increased the amount of investments during the Great Depression .
since the beginning of 2008 , the price of IBM 's shares has grown by remarkable 120 per cent ; company 's net earnings have been growing continuously .
it took the name of IBM in 1924 . originally , this was a brand used for company 's branches in Canada and South America .
foundations for the later IBM were laid by a merger of four companies , the history of which goes back to the 1880s .
the architect of the new company was a businessman , Charles Ranlett Flint , who , until 1930 , also presided over the company 's Board of Trustees .
Flint hired a director of a competing company , Thomas J. Watson , to help him with company management .
the leader then put the IBM 's founder in the shade - Watson 's ideas remain the base for invincible company culture and identity .
IBM , as its name suggests , started by producing and selling various business machines - from meat and cheese cutters to cash registers .
during the first four years of Watson 's leadership , the revenue doubled to nine million dollars , and company 's vast expansion into all continents commenced .
Watson became so essential for the company , that after nearly forty years , his position in the director 's chair was taken by his son , Thomas Watson Junior .
in 1960s , both people and computers from IBM helped NASA control space flights - to Mercury , Saturn , and in 1969 , man 's flight to the Moon .
the classic PC that defined the computer standards of the period , called IBM 5150 , came to the market in 1981 .
twenty years later , IBM sold computer production to a Chinese company , Lenovo , While buying the consultant division of PricewaterhouseCoopers , and thus commenced its full focus on consulting and high added value services .
its goal is both smart exploitation of technologies in areas that have not yet been planned for and improving the situation in traffic or town management .
for commerce , IBM has recently introduced a smarter Commerce platform that helps businessmen control the whole commerce cycle .
in former Czechoslovakia , as the first country in both Central and Eastern Europe , IBM founded its branch in 1932 .
the headquarters for both Central and Eastern Europe resides in Prague , where there also is a world level research team focusing on voice recognition .
however , she does not want to wait any longer , and set clear rules for her future life .
even though she had Iveta move out of Říčany 30 days later , Pepa would not leave the singer .
after some time , Darina resigned , pretended to accept her husband 's affair ; and now she gave him her final goodbye .
even if one day Rychtář and Bartošová would split up , his wife will not welcome him with open arms .
" he is the biological father to my sons and if he wants to spend his last days in our house , no one will chase him out . "
" our company still operates ; I am in charge of repairs , garden , the house , and shopping . "
" Darina and I communicate in a completely normal way , only we do not share our bed anymore , " Rychtář said for Blesk .
" we don 't sleep together , and I don 't care where she goes , with whom , and if she has a boyfriend .
I know it 's my fault , I fell in love with Iveta , and I accept full responsibility , " Josef concluded .
still , who of you could resist walking through clothes shops looking for well fitting clothes and then trying them all ( ideally , in various colour versions ) in the changing rooms ?
not that you should stop looking after yourself , but many men are literary allergic to their partners " constant complaints about their looks .
the stronger sex also agrees that the higher the frequency of such complaints , the more annoying women are .
cleaning the windows , vacuuming , wiping the floors , dusting , scrubbing the bathtub - at least twice a week .
in case you suffer from this " deviation , " try to realise that no extremes are good ; and that within your family , order and cleanliness should not go first .
women are focused on relationships , which is why they like to discuss who , where , who with , how , and why .
however , there are tougher gossips , women who enjoy frequent gossiping and despise everyone . they are , especially within a female work team , very dangerous for their surroundings .
in both cases , Claude Giroux , used the experience of a thirty-nine year old star ; he added an extra pass and was announced best player of the match .
" you sometimes feel such things , " explained Jágr , after whose action Giroux scored a goal on the first Flyers " shot .
a second before the first break , a home player , Patrick Dwyer , narrowed the lead in a power-play , but the beginning of the second part was led by Flyers again .
after assist with Jágr , he scored the third goal ; consequently , his shot was touched into a fourth goal by Wayne Simmonds .
" I don 't ; want to say he 's the best league player , but he 's definitely among the best three , " said Jágr , complimenting his center .
" I never thought that at the end of my career I would play with a hockey player like him . "
Carolina made the match more dramatic with Tuomo Ruutu and Dwyer 's goal from a penalty shot , making it a single goal difference .
" he poked out the puck , I gained speed , and Read went on to the more distant pole . "
" I aimed at him , and I 'm glad it worked , " Voráček described his view of the last goal of the match .
Czech Montreal defenseman , Jaroslav Špaček , did not finish the match with Buffalo ; he left in the second period due to an upper body injury .
along with the experienced back , the Candiens lost their two-goal lead and lost 2 : 3 after a penalty shoot-out .
more than lost points , the home trainer was sorry for high sick rate in the back , as the match was finished with just five defenders .
" however , there is nothing we can do about that , we just have to face it , " Jacques Martin said .
until 1989 , only five state travel agencies were allowed in the former Czechoslovakia : Čedok , Sporturist , CKM , Rekrea , and Autoturist .
a great paradox of the socialistic period was that citizens of the socialist block ( i.e. Czechoslovaks too ) were not allowed free individual travel within the socialist countries .
if a Czechoslovak citizen wanted to travel , as an individual , to , for example , the Soviet Union or Poland , an invitation letter from the country was necessary ; otherwise , individual travel was impossible .
at the time , travel agencies would offer some trips to the West , but one either had to stand in a line overnight , with a sleeping bag or have some " good friends " in the agency .
a foreign currency assurance was essential for travels to the West . it was not granted to politically unreliable people , who were not allowed to travel at all .
most often , Czechs spent their holiday at home , which resulted in great number of cottages and summer houses , a habit that survives until now .
while until 1989 , a holiday in the GDR or Bulgaria was the climax of our travels , last year , Czechs spent 4.5 million holidays in countries all over the world .
right at the beginning of 1990 , visa requirements for neighbouring West European countries were cancelled . this started a huge wave of short-term visits of chiefly Vienna and Germany .
Czechoslovaks could not get enough of travelling to the West . everyone wanted to go there for at least a moment .
another important moment was the introduction of freely convertible Czech Crown . after decades , our tourists thus finally able to freely buy Western currencies .
since 1997 , increased demand allowed travel agencies to prepare regular trips by charter airlines . compared to the past , air trips thus became unbelievably cheap due to the ability to order quantity discounts .
by the end of 1990s , Czechs did not need visa for visiting nearly all developed world countries , except for the USA . this made our travelling even easier .
the next significant event in the history of after revolution travelling came in 2000 . high demand resulted in the historically first direct charter flight from the Czech Republic to an exotic country , Thailand .
since then , direct charter flights take Czech tourists to warm exotic countries . this winter , flights from the Czech Republic will reach twelve exotic destinations .
on November 17 , 2008 , the USA removed visa requirements for Czech tourists . our country has thus permanently joined the world 's most developed countries .
Hašek resigned from his function in June . when leaving , he called to his colleagues to unite and find a strong personality who would lead football in the future .
general meeting delegates wasted their trip to the National House in Prague , Smíchov , as the negotiations remained blocked , not just regarding the election method .
no agreement was reached as to who is entitled to vote at the general meeting - whether the statutory representatives only , or also officials given power of attorney .
this single point has been partially settled since , thanks to a recommendation of the Institute of State and Law , according to which representation based on power of attorney is not possible .
the Executive Board has not been of much help either , though at its meetings , both regular and extraordinary , it is mostly preoccupied by this issue .
" the argument is based on whether to follow the by-laws or to find another model , " says one of the three FAČR Vice-Presidents , Dušan Svoboda , who represents professional football in the association 's management .
based on the model given by the by-laws , the winner of the 3rd round is a candidate with higher percentage support from the chamber he is the candidate for .
somewhat surprisingly Tomáš Paclík agrees with his opinion even if it is estimated that the election rules defined by the by-laws fits Pelta best of the candidates .
he believes the new President will be known in Nymburk ; he also hopes that in the future , the candidates will cooperate constructively .
" it is not between people from Bohemia and Moravia , but there are attempts at purposeful adjustment of regulations . "
some negotiations are said to have taken place directly in Montenegro ; but who knows if the football generality will be complete before the match .
a lot is in the game : government grants ; football trustworthiness ; and the planned ČSTV general meeting dealing with new direction of Czech sports following Sazka 's financial problems .
" if there was a good quality candidate , I 'd fight for him and not participate in the fight . "
Paclík 's motivation to join the fight with Miroslav Pelta and Jindřich Rajchl is to try to prevent Pelta , reportedly the favourite of the elections , from entering the top of the FAČR .
moreover , Paclík emphasizes that should he win , he would only remain the President until 2013 , when a regular general meeting is scheduled .
in the future , he would like to see the position given to an experienced top manager , not excessively connected to football life .
" I was terrible for me to hear some of them say that at this point , they don 't even want to identify themselves with Czech football . "
" combined with support from Berbr , a capable businessman , this would be even more harmful for the football , " Paclík said .
this opinion is shared by another candidate , Rajchl , whom Paclík supported before the September general meeting that ended as a fiasco .
one of his priorities would be the strengthening of relations between FAČR and the Czech Olympic Committee , with whose support he would lobby at the political top to get more money for sports from the lottery tax .
" if taxes are imposed on gambling , as the political parties declare , I understand their arguments , but they must clearly say where the money will go , " he said .
before the Thursday negotiations in Nymburk , a Jablonec functionary remains an optimist and believes that the pre-election fight would be significantly suppressed by today 's prospective success of our football representation .
prior to the failed election in September , Pelta promised that if he was to win , he would focus on both the representation and gaining of financial means .
" people at all levels have been in football for long , and they expect the President to be known on Thursday . "
" they feel it 's high time someone leads the association , " claims the man chiefly connected with the Jablonec club ; but he spent many years in Sparta and the association 's executive board .
he believes current problems with elections are caused by the euphoria there was in the time of Ivan Hašek 's reign .
" unfortunately , regulations that were not as perfect as we all thought were passed at the general meeting in June . "
" if various representations were not accepted , we would have had a President since September , " Pelta said .
" if I become President , I will take it as my personal task , and I 'm willing to take personal responsibility in case the attempt fails . "
" however , his attacks were not decent , and many people were caught by surprise by the method of his election campaign . "
" this is too , is why some of them now doubt his true character , " Pelta said about his rival . Pelta himself claims to be true to the proclamations he announced in September .
" í would also try to end all affairs , starting from the Bohemians case or the aftermath of last year 's corruption scandal . "
" right after that , I would focus on negotiations with both private and state sectors , to ensure enough money for the whole football , " the forty-six year old candidate told ČTK two months ago .
" I 'd need to learn about the job descriptions of individual employees . " that was his message for Strahov , where the long period of interregnum causes understandable nervousness .
despite current catastrophic scenarios accompanying the general meeting planned , he believes that on Thursday , the delegates will not come to Nymburk in vain .
" if the only questionable point is how to perform the elections in the third round that is something we can get over . "
" football needs trustworthiness it can only gain by finally having its leader , " says Pelta , who , two days before the crucial day of his career of a functionary , remains an optimist .
he also promised to solve the Bohemians case ; improve relations with both UEFA and FIFA ; bring more money to football ; and continue the work of the previous President , Ivan Hašek .
" from international contacts with UEFA and FIFA , to representation , professional football , and performance football for the youth . "
" I 'm a team player , and I want to distribute the competences within the executive board so that each member focuses on a certain area . "
' I 'll distribute tasks strictly so that in each of these segments , football makes big steps forward . "
" that would probably not please many people , as it would mean hard work , not just criticizing of the work of others , " he added .
" I believe in systematic approach , which is something I don 't think Mirek Pelta is competent of . "
" I want to make football for everyone , because then everyone has a good time , not just the chosen few , " Rajchl said .
" though some people try to claim the opposite , I plan to do the maximum for Moravia . "
" for example , it is high time to consider about splitting the second league into Czech and Moravian parts , winners of which would continue into the first league . "
" this would prevent the current situation , where there are just three Moravian units in the league , which is a problem concerning young players in Moravia , " Rajchl said .
as the Presidential fight has been joined by Pilsen club Manager , Tomáš Paclík , Rajchl does not dare to estimate his chances to win .
on the other hand , he considers the fact that the association does not stick together partially as his own fault .
paddling pools with universal fibre optics and status pools in Budapest . travellers can experience Europe 's incredible water - and relax tired limbs in a Jacuzzi after a city tour or a ramble .
there was one thing Iris Meder could not do without on research trips over the last one and a half years : her swimming costume .
she rushed to add any pool she liked to her notebook - with essential details on the construction and the history of the building .
she has very little enthusiasm for sport , says Meder - but in the water , it 's a different matter .
" one day , I asked myself why swimming baths always have to be so ugly , " says Vienna-based Meder .
splashing in the diving pool and ethereal sauna oils - the wellness factor in baths is so great because all the senses are stimulated , according to Meder .
and swimming baths can be a real treat for the eyes if the builders have gone to the trouble . " you have the surface of the water in pools instead of a floor . "
the illustrated pocketbook The joys of Bathing provides valuable information on the architectural and cultural history of historic pleasure and health oases over 190 pages - and makes you want to leap into the water .
perhaps the most unusual pool design awaits bathers in Längenfeld . the Aqua Dome in Ötztal looks like a UFO has just landed in the Alps .
a lot of thermal baths smell of sulphur . the Árpád baths in Békescsaba , Hungary , smell so strongly of oil you may find it difficult to believe you are in a health spa .
Iris Meder , however , was at one point disappointed in her search for beautiful bathing places . when she tried to visit the outdoor pool at the Czech baths of Luhatschowitz , she found the area sealed off .
when Meder looked through the weather-beaten windows of the red , white and yellow art nouveau building , she could see weeds growing up through the tiles .
one place where decay has been stopped in its tracks is a magical swimming bath in the Black Forest - the Palais Thermal in Bad Wildbad .
the baths have already gone through three stages of construction . you will not only discover neo-Romanesque elements from the period after it was built in 1844 , but also a Moorish hall in Alhambra style added around 1900 .
according to SPIEGEL ONLINE , Josef Ackermann has given a working group the task of investigating the consequences of speculation for the poor around the world .
for German citizens the situation is clear . according to one study , 84 percent of Germans find it unacceptable that banks speculate on agricultural commodities such as wheat and maize .
two thirds of those questioned demand that Deutsche Bank and other banks cease trading in agricultural commodities , as trading deepens the problems faced by the very poorest people around the world .
the findings were made in a survey conducted by the Forsa Institute for Social Research and Statistical Analysis on behalf of the consumer organisation Foodwatch .
the author of the report , Harald Schumann , shows that betting on global commodities exchanges drives up prices - and the banks are therefore complicit in global hunger .
the campaign by consumer advocates is directed specifically at the head of Deutsche Bank , Josef Ackermann , although large banking houses such as Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley trade in the same way .
however , most experts now agree that the gamblers have left behind the rules of supply and demand - and are profiting at the expense of the poorest .
in contrast to US competitors , Ackermann has responded to the criticism . he has promised to investigate the accusations and has said that no trade is " worth putting Deutsche Bank 's good reputation at risk . "
according to SPIEGEL ONLINE , an international working group is currently investigating the accusations contained in the Foodwatch report .
the investigation should be complete by the end of the year when the findings will be presented to Deutsche Bank 's board of managing directors - with recommendations for action .
" Deutsche Bank must remove all investments from its portfolio that bet money on food prices , " said Bode .
Ackermann 's sensitive response is at first surprising , but then the CEO would like to present a perfect image just a few months before the end of his term in office .
bode published the survey on Tuesday . the survey was conducted for the Forsa Institute for Social Research and Statistical Analysis on 7 and 8 November and 1001 people took part .
no more than eleven percent think it is legitimate for Deutsche Bank to offer investments that bet on the price of foodstuffs .
many banking customers would also take direct action if they discover that their bank is involved in such trading . according to the survey , one in two would withdraw investments that end up in commodities speculation .
43 percent would recommend leaving the bank , 49 percent said they would think about closing their account and switching to a different bank .
it made the architect so famous that he also built Austria 's pavilion at the next world 's fair .
he finally shot to fame internationally in 1973 with his legendary four-cylinder BMW Tower and its bowl-shaped sister building .
however , the building was not suitable as a museum for technical and spatial reasons - it had no walls to hang artworks and poor air conditioning .
the architect Adolf Krischanitz has now renovated the pavilion , which has been named the " 21er Haus " and will be used as a contemporary art museum .
the museum is a branch of the Belvedere museum , which will open the first exhibition on Tuesday evening - a delight in every respect .
Agnes Husslein-Arco who became the new director of the Austrian Galerie Belvedere in 2007 was instrumental in the new beginning .
he knew the original design and knew the issues the building was facing , a building that had already lost some of its grandeur and lightness when it was relocated to Vienna and converted .
the problems facing the latest alterations were much greater . the building was " an energy guzzler , " says Krischanitz .
the window profiles of the glass facade were replaced , fibreglass-reinforced safety glass was put in and the glass roof was replaced by high-grade safety glass .
the original external doors have been retained and the building has been painted in the old red-brown colour of rust-proofing .
" we often had to find a material that was good , cheap and met with the approval of the monument authority , " says Krischanitz , pointing to the rough flooring in the basement .
Krischanitz stated recently that the pavilion " from Brussels " had been tough - a typical " drop in the city " story .
architecture like this is " always in the wrong place " and nonetheless wants to " stimulate a real awareness . "
according to a newspaper report , Deutsche Bahn will spend more than 70 million Euros more this year in the battle to prevent winter-time cancellations and delays .
investment is intended to improve the availability of locomotives and the rail network , even in the face of extreme weather conditions .
the number of internal and external employees involved in removing snow from rail facilities and platforms is to double to 16,000 .
the aim is to clear platforms of snow and ice by start of business and 90 percent of the critical points within four to five hours .
Rüdiger Grube , head of Deutsche Bahn , warned of train cancellations and delays this winter at a summit with government and industry two months ago .
last winter , Deutsche Bahn had considerable difficulties in its passenger business , as it lacked reserves in the face of difficult weather conditions .
fresh trouble is following hard on the heels of the uproar around Josef Ackermann , CEO of Deutsche Bank : Deutsche Bank faces a multi-million pound fine in the USA .
the National Credit Union Administration ( NCUA ) , a financial market regulator , accuses a string of major banks of having used false promises to mislead credit unions into buying the financial products .
" we are happy to have resolved the issue without the parties going to court , " said a Deutsche Bank spokesman in new York .
the National Credit Union Administration ( NCUA ) is responsible for the US credit unions and intervenes in bankruptcies to protect customer deposits .
the US investment bank , Lehman Brothers , went belly up in September 2008 at the height of the financial crisis .
it accuses 18 major international banks of having taken in US lenders Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac on mortgage transactions valued at around 200 billion dollars .
Deutsche Bank also faces legal action by the FHFA covering multiple transactions with a total value of 14.2 billion dollars from 2005 to 2007 .
the regulator is demanding that the Frankfurt-based bank take responsibility for " substantial losses , " but has not yet specified the exact sum .
until now , the major American investor , Warren Buffett , had always claimed not to invest in IT and computing companies , as it was difficult to forecast the long-term development .
according to Buffett , he should have realised much earlier that IBM primarily offers services and purchases computer systems for the IT departments of other companies .
Buffett revealed that he had purchased IBM shares totalling 10.7 billion dollars since March on the US business news broadcaster CNBC .
his investment holding company , Berkshire Hathaway , has become one of the largest shareholders in IBM with a 5.5 percent stake .
the computer pioneer - now more than 100 years old - also provides software and consultancy services , as well as powerful business computers .
his holding company , Berkshire Hathaway , owns shares in a long list of major companies such as Coca-Cola and Munich Re ( formerly Münchener Rück ) alongside around 80 of its own subsidiaries .
the 81-year-old took over the small textile company Berkshire Hathaway in the 1960s and built it up , with clever investments , into one of the most valuable companies in the world .
his almost infallible instinct for making money has earned him a nickname as the " Oracle from Omaha . "
the IBM share price rose by one percent before the markets opened following the announcement of Buffett 's investment .
" big Blue , " as IBM is also known , is worth more than 220 billion dollars on the stock exchange , making it one of the most valuable technology companies in the world alongside Apple and Microsoft .
following the discovery of the " Zwickau cell , " Turkish media express doubt about the rule of law in Germany .
the murder of eight Turkish and one Greek businessman between 2000 and 2006 was the result of right-wing extremist ideology .
fear and concern has been the reaction to this report in Turkey and within the German-Turkish community in Germany .
the right-wing extremist network that has now been discovered , however , is on a scale that has not yet been fully understood .
" is this a revival of the bloody ideology ? " was the headline of the internet edition of the Turkish newspaper Haberturk .
the Turkish Community of Germany ( TGD ) reacted calmly , remembering the victims of racial violence during a silent vigil in front of the Brandenburg Gate at the weekend .
just two weeks earlier , the Turkish Community in Berlin had commemorated the fiftieth anniversary of the German-Turkish bilateral agreement on labour recruitment in a ceremony with German and Turkish politicians .
he points out that people have been murdered who had paid taxes and made an important contribution to Germany 's redevelopment with their work .
the authors are asking themselves why the German authorities did not think earlier to look for suspects in right-wing extremist circles .
some writers even go as far as some strong rhetoric . " if things continue to be done so cack-handedly , migrants have no option but armed self-defence . "
" peace in Germany depends very strongly on how the entire network is uncovered and on the appropriateness of punishment , " writes " Selen . "
the attacks on Mölln and Solingen in the 90s are an example of what it means for peace in Germany to be at risk .
the coverage by the Turkish media at the time again shows how deep the mistrust of many German Turks in the current German state has become since .
straight talking is what is needed now , alongside efforts to identify and reassess right-wing extremist terrorism in Germany .
UBS almost went bankrupt during the financial crisis and has been struggling from one crisis to the next ever since .
Axel Weber was clearly delighted , praising Switzerland for its beauty and UBS for its newly won solidity and making some friendly remarks about his future colleagues .
a UBS trader in London had bypassed all the bank 's security systems and gambled away around 1.7 billion Euros .
and he will take on the role of Chairman of the Board in May , and not in 2013 , the bank announced on Tuesday .
he is an economics professor and central banker , not a conventional banker , and clearly would need some time to adjust .
all at once , he is taking on responsibility for the strategy of a bank that has once again proven that it has long deserved the title of " Europe 's biggest banking scandal . "
the bank combined the image of the secretive and solid , but equally savvy asset manager with ambitious targets , aiming to become a major player in investment banking .
as a result , in 2007 UBS was managing 1.6 billion , thereby managing more more money from wealthy clients than any other bank in the world ,
in the middle of the year , CEO Peter Wuffli - considered a highly intellectual and equally brilliant banker - suddenly stepped down .
UBS announced a capital increase , believe it or not , of 13 billion Swiss francs to face the crisis .
the bank was forced to announce new losses running into the billions and Chairman of the Board of Directors , Marcel Ospel - the second best paid chairman in Switzerland in 2006 - resigned .
catastrophe followed in October 2008 . UBS faced collapse from a lack of investment during the financial crisis and had to be saved by the state .
the National Bank bought up toxic securities from UBS for untold billions and the Swiss Confederation paid six billion Swiss francs for a mandatory convertible bond to become part owner of the bank .
the whole of Switzerland was shocked - the country recognised the dramatic consequences for a small country of being home to such large banks .
after all , the balance sheet total for UBS in 2007 was more than five times the economic output of Switzerland ( see chart ) .
UBS also agreed to pay 780 million dollars consisting of repayment of unjustified profits from the business and a penalty .
at the same time , UBS lost something that had always been its advantage when competing for rich clients - the fog of secrecy .
the bank had lost its credibility in both of its core business divisions within a few months - in investment banking thanks to bad speculation and in asset management by aiding and abetting tax evasion .
the CFO of one major German bank also has no doubts : " the problem facing UBS is that it does not having a handle on risk control . "
the safes of Swiss banks had become a symbol of unshakeable reliability , just as Lindt and Sprüngli had come to symbolise sophisticated chocolate .
the bank has its head office on Zurich 's Bahnhofstrasse that leads from the main station directly to Zurich Lake , surrounded by the snow-capped peaks of the Swiss mountains .
the Swiss banks have resided here for hundreds of years - from the National Bank to the palace of Credit Suisse and elite private banks such as Julius Bär .
the walls within are clad in marble behind vast leather armchairs . there is a large sign to the " Safe " next to the bank 's logo .
but both the major Swiss banks , UBS and Credit Suisse , at some point ousted the Swiss banking concept - or betrayed it , as the head of one small Swiss private bank believes .
he would prefer not to see his name in the newspaper - he too , like all Swiss bankers , does business with the two major banks .
he believes UBS has grown too big - particularly in investment banking where the Anglo-Saxons are also very active .
the politicians approved up to 68 billion Swiss francs ( around 45 billion Euros ) to save the bank from bankruptcy .
a bank was created that was already too big for small Switzerland when the merger was agreed - and a bank that continued to grow .
" I always thought that Wuffli and Ospel were a dream team , " says the banking research , Hans Geiger .
" Wuffli , highly intellectual , modest , with a deep understanding of models and statistics , and Ospel , with gut instinct who had worked his way up from being a banker 's apprentice . "
and Wuffli ultimately may have made a critical error . " he thought his models were reality , " says Geiger .
employees of UBS clearly remember the management meetings where CEO Wuffli always repeated the same slogan - dethrone Goldman Sachs .
hungry for growth , the bank itself and a hedge fund founded by the bank invested in US subprime securities .
it developed into a vast machine that packaged up securities based on US mortgage credit and passed them on - while itself continuing to bear risks .
" UBS was buying as late as the summer of 2007 when the US housing market was in flames , " says banking expert Geiger .
one manager after the next had to go as the attempts to clean up proved more difficult than anticipated .
banking expert Geiger already has an idea - quit investment banking , focus on asset management and turn back to Swiss roots .
the new head of the bank , Sergio Ermotti , plans to present his future strategy to the world on Tuesday .
the 51-year-old Italo-Swiss banker was actually only imagined as a transitional solution when the bank parted ways unexpectedly with his predecessor Grübel .
since then , he has proved his mettle and is now to head UBS permanently , the Zurich-based bank announced on Tuesday .
publicly , he has only so far that he and his wife will look for a flat in Zurich .
the Italian and Greek glass was still considered half full last week , not half empty - now the problems are coming to the fore once again , said Mark Luschini of Janney Montgomery Scott .
industry in the 17 Euro countries has significantly reduced production and is adjusting to the end of the upturn .
the Eurostat statistics office announced that , in September , companies produced two percent less than in the previous month .
the announcement made US investors sceptical . " we are not an island . we are dependent , " said Steve Goldman of Goldman Management .
his investment of more than ten billion dollars in IBM boosted the veteran company 's share price by almost one percent against the trend during the course of trading .
the bank is converting almost all its remaining shares in the China Construction Bank into cash , bringing in 6.6 billion dollars .
the Emirates airline ordered 50 long-range type 777 aeroplanes on Sunday with an order value of 18 billion dollars .
Rooks are considered problem birds in many places . experts now say the highly intelligent animals can no longer be driven from cities .
experts at the first crow symposium in the East Frisian town of Leer have said that rooks can no longer be forced out of cities .
conservationists stated that migration of specially protected rooks was the root of the problem in cities , pointing out that the use of chemicals in agriculture was increasingly destroying traditional habitats .
there are large colonies with more than 600 breeding pairs in the Westphalian town of Soest and in the north-west in Jever , Diepholz , Achim bei Bremen and Leer .
spraying off nests with water or felling trees often has undesired consequences , said environment expert Manfred Kaiser from Lahr in Baden-Württemberg .
without the surrounding area , the problem in the cities will not be solved , said Leer 's mayor , Wolfgang Kellner .
a combination of deterring birds from sensitive residential areas and offering incentives for them to move back to other areas would be an option .
Jürgens was a co-founder of the Ascherberg crow educational trail in Schleswig-Holstein , where notice boards provide information about the life of the highly intelligent rook .
Jürgens also expressed her opinion on the criticism of the noise the birds make . " the noise conveys a lot of information . they have a lot to say to each other . "
the intelligence and skill of the birds are legendary . Rooks often do not just use tools to get hold of a choice morsel , but create tools themselves .
in one experiment , the birds quickly learnt that they had to knock over a platform to get to a moth larva .
all four birds used the wire to form a hook and used the hook to fish the bucket out of the tube by its handle .
the favourites Portugal , Croatia and the Czech Republic , plus Ireland , will be at the 2012 European championship .
led by superstar Cristiano Ronaldo who scored in the 8th and 53rd minutes , Portugal beat Bosnia-Herzegovina 6 : 2 ( 2 : 1 ) , rounding off their fifth Euro appearance perfectly after 0 : 0 in the first leg .
the Czechs only needed 1 : 0 ( 0 : 0 ) in the playoff second leg against outsider Montenegro after a clear win in the first leg ( 2 : 0 ) .
Croatia did not miss a trick with 0 : 0 against Turkey and Ireland managed an easy 1 : 1 ( 1 : 0 ) against Estonia .
Nani ( 24th minute ) , Helder Postiga ( 72nd and 82nd ) and Miguel Veloso ( 80th ) scored the other goals for Portugal .
the former Wolfsburg Bundesliga professional Zvjezdan Misimovic and captain Emir Spahic evened the score with a converted 41st-minute penalty and a goal in the 65th for Bosnia .
a good quarter of an hour later , Nani displayed his long-range abilities , raising the lead to 2 : 0 from the 25 metre line .
following an attack on Helder Postiga in the Bosnian penalty area in the 36th minute , Stark decided the Portuguese player had simulated and gave him a yellow card .
luck also smiled on trainer Michal Bilek 's team and Bundesliga legionaries Michael Kadlec ( Bayer Leverkusen ) and Tomas Pekhart ( 1st FC Nuremberg ) with a potentially catastrophic error early on .
goalie Petr Cech prevented a potential own goal from Tomas Sivok in the 9th minute with a split-second reflex .
Damjanovic took a shot from the edge of the penalty area that just missed Cech 's goal in the 40th minute .
trainer Giovanni Trapattoni 's team - already looking assured of a place following the 4 : 0 victory in the first leg - took the lead in the 32nd minute thanks to a goal from Stephen Ward .
Ireland kept up the pace , but had to wait until the 23rd minute when Robbie Keane from Los Angeles had the first clean shot on goal .
the police announced in a statement that he had threatened a 25-year-old employee with a firearm and demanded money be handed over .
after the cash draw was handed over , the robber fled unrecognised and with an unknown amount of money .
he attempted to swerve out of the way of a van with trailer that shot out onto the road from a petrol station .
a 61-year-old female cyclist was knocked down and seriously injured by a car in Berlin-Mitte on Monday .
the police announced in a statement on Tuesday that she had attempted to cross the road on her bike at the pedestrian crossing on the Karl-Liebknecht-Strasse / Alexanderstrasse crossing .
he rammed a parked vehicle and pushed it up against two other cars and three bikes when turning around .
the police announced in a statement that the 32-year-old was out and about on Sunday in the vicinity of her flat when she was shot in the back .
the car was hurled onto the opposite side of the road by the violence of the impact and collided with a lorry .
the police announced in a statement that around 70 cinema-goers at a late night viewing had to leave the cinema on Rathausstrasse shortly after midnight .
the fire was probably caused by a technical failure in the electricity system according to the investigations so far .
the police announced in a statement that the hooded perpetrator surprised the woman on Friday at a parking space in front of a shop and tried to grab her handbag .
the police announced in a statement that the man attempted to cross a street at the pedestrian crossing on Saturday and was not spotted by a female driver .
a seven-year-old boy was knocked down and seriously injured by a car on Tegeler Strasse in Berlin-Wedding on Sunday evening .
the child ran out onto the road in front of a car driven by a 53-year-old woman .
a 46-year-old male cyclist was knocked down and seriously injured by a car in Berlin-Kreuzberg late on Sunday evening .
the police announced in a statement on Monday that he had been taken to hospital with head injuries and could not be questioned .
the cause of the collision with the vehicle driven by a 22-year-old man is not yet clear .
the police announced in a statement that the man had skidded on Möllendorfstrasse , crashed into a tramway pylon and had landed on the trackbed .
the fire brigade was informed and had to free a seriously injured 23-year-old from the car wreck and take him to hospital .
the police announced in a statement that tenants of the building on Marienfelder Allee noticed smoke on the staircase and contacted the fire brigade .
the police announced in a statement that four men aged between 18 and 21 began arguing with two restaurant workers on Prenzlauer Promenade at around 01 : 20 .
three hooligans attacked the 41-year-old man on Saturday and sprayed pepper spray into his face after punching him .
the men then followed him , punched and kicked their unsuspecting victim and fled with his wallet and mobile .
a drunken father verbally abused and then hit a female tram driver on Friday evening in front of his four-year-old son .
the police announced in a statement on Saturday that the 49-year-old Berlin Transport Authority ( BVG ) worker had to stop on Seestrasse in Wedding when she was suddenly attacked by the 30-year-old man .
the police announced in a statement that a resident noticed the fire at around midnight and also saw two darkly dressed men fleeing across the adjacent cemetery wall on Steegerstrasse .
the 18-year-old tenant who was not in the flat at the time of the fire is being investigated for negligent arson .
the fans of the vampire saga were not disappointed . vampire actor Robert Pattinson , his werewolf rival Taylor Lautner and " Bella " beauty Kristen Stewart signed autographs and posed with fans .
the DAX-listed company announced on Tuesday that around two billion dollars ( around 1.5 billion Euros ) is to be invested by 2015 .
" we will create more research and development facilities and hire thousands of people , " Bill McDermott , co-Chief executive of SAP , said in a statement at a consumer show in Peking .
the world market leader in enterprise software plans to double its number of offices from five to ten or eleven .
it contains few big names , major treaties or famous battles ; there are almost no ambassadors , dashing journalists or discussions of tactics and materiel .
it 's not so much a book about what happened , he explains , as " a book about what it was like . " it 's about " feelings , impressions , experiences and moods . "
their lives flicker here like votive candles lighted in a church ; new ones are added to the mix while some wink out .
it is a corrective too to the notion that World War I was only about the dire trench warfare on the Western Front .
soldiers in this book have beehives fall on them ; one has Christmas in Egypt under the pyramids ; tsetse flies are an intractable problem .
when cannon fire is heard in the distance , and you are a woman at home with your children , do you stay or flee ?
" lack of facts , " Mr. Englund observes , " has been padded out with guesses , suppositions , hopes , fears , idées fixes , conspiracy theories , dreams , nightmares and rumors . "
the accounts of their lives can be terrifying or stirring , but are most fully alive in Mr. Englund 's accumulation of small moments , stray details .
there are , he notes , " 837 registered meat substitutes permissible in the production of sausages , 511 registered coffee substitutes . "
conversely a British soldier realizes that he will most likely die , and that no one will notice or care .
" once one is resigned to the thought of sacrificing oneself , one would like to think that it might happen in front of an audience , " he writes .
" the conflict has increasingly become an economic competition , " Mr. Englund writes , " a war between factories . "
Mr. Englund discussed the soldiers who actively tried to catch a venereal disease from prostitutes as a way to evade service at the front .
" the most grotesque expression of this can be seen in the trade of gonococcal pus , which soldiers buy and smear into their genitals in the hope of ending up in hospital , " he writes .
" those who are really desperate rub it into their eyes , which often results in lifelong blindness . "
in dozens of small scenes he catches the way the war has " unleashed uniquely uncontrollable forces : extreme nationalism , social revolution , religious hatred . "
but it 's as if he has reached from his book , snatched that Dramatis personae page from your fingers , and lighted it with a match .
the operation was kept secret from all but a few high-ranking officers , with others initially being told that they were embarking on an exercise .
police Commissioner Raymond W. Kelly was at the center , his presence underscoring how the operation was fraught with challenges for the Police Department .
there could be no repeat of episodes in recent weeks , like the pepper-spraying of protesters , that violated department rules and created a firestorm of public sympathy for the squatters .
and so the police operation to clear Zuccotti Park of protesters unfolded after two weeks of planning and training .
officials increased so-called disorder training - counterterrorism measures that involve moving large numbers of police officers quickly - to focus on Lower Manhattan .
the orders to move into the park came down at the " last minute , " said someone familiar with the orders , which referred to the assignment only as " an exercise . "
" the only people who were aware of them going into Zuccotti Park were at the very highest levels of the department . "
on Oct. 14 , officials wanted to clear the park , but then backed off as hundreds of protesters streamed in ahead of time after hearing of the plans .
Mr. Kelly said many people , almost like commuters , had been coming and going from the park during the day , making 1 a.m. a good time to move in .
" it was appropriate to do it when the smallest number of people were in the park , " he said .
emergency Service Unit trucks with klieg lights and loudspeakers gathered at Pike Slip and the Franklin D. Roosevelt Drive , near the Manhattan Bridge , before moving out .
as the community affairs officers moved into the park in their light-blue windbreakers , many protesters simply gathered their belongings and left .
no tents were touched until 1 : 45 a.m. , the police said , giving the protesters time to gather their belongings .
other teams of officers were seen gathering on the perimeter to move in if arrests were needed in the park .
but many journalists said that they had been prevented from seeing the police take action in the park , and that they had been roughly handled by officers .
a core group of protesters took up positions close to the encampment 's kitchen area , near the center of the park .
the highest-ranking officer on the scene was Joseph J. Esposito , the chief of department , the top uniformed officer in the department .
barricades were set up at Cortlandt Street , a block north of the park , and at Pine Street , a block south .
around 5 a.m. , south of Pine Street , one protester jumped on the hood of a police car , and others were seen releasing the air from the tires of a police van .
the lawsuit is possibly the last weapon available to the union , District Council 37 , in its effort to reverse the layoffs .
at a City Council hearing last month , Schools Chancellor Dennis M. Walcott said the layoffs were a part of the budget they signed off on in June .
Elizabeth Thomas , a spokeswoman for the city 's Law Department , said the city had not seen the lawsuit and therefore could not comment on its specific allegations .
P.S. 36 " s budget was cut by 3.26 percent this year , and it also lost money when the city changed the way it calculates the extra financing for each poor student schools enroll .
the union also claims that high school principals may have been misled by the language in a memo authorizing the dismissal of parent coordinators .
" sixty-six parent coordinators were laid off , " the draft complaint says , " and not merely excessed . "
it finally looks like Republicans and Democrats on Capitol Hill are ready to agree on something related to the uprising in Libya .
in June , Kerry and McCain introduced a resolution authorizing the limited use of U.S. military forces in Libya .
the bill was defeated in the House by a wide bipartisan margin , and it never came up for a vote in the Senate .
but on the same day that bill failed in the House , the chamber also voted down a measure that would have cut funding for American operations in Libya .
the resolution also " affirms the national interest of the United States in a successful and irreversible transition to democracy in Libya . "
will the new measure earn the full support of the Foreign Relations panel , or will it split lawmakers like the June bill did ?
across the Capitol , the House is to vote this week on a constitutional amendment requiring a balanced budget , a top legislative priority of nearly every congressional Republican and some Democrats .
other lawmakers have been unsuccessful so far in bringing their amendments to the floor , but not for lack of trying .
some are duplicates - the same bill offered in both the House and Senate - and others are slight variations on each other .
there are at least 15 versions of the balanced budget amendment in the House alone , and another handful that would " control federal spending . "
some of those bills are identical too , but they give their sponsors - particularly freshmen Republicans looking to burnish their resumes - the chance to brag that they " authored " such a measure .
the Budget Control Act , which passed in August , required that both the House and Senate vote on a balanced budget amendment .
in March , 58 senators voted in favor of a non-binding resolution supporting the idea of such an amendment .
beyond the budget , several members want to limit the number of terms members of Congress can serve , while Rep. José E. Serrano ( D-N.Y. ) wants to lift the two-term limit for presidents .
Rep. Jesse L. Jackson Jr . ( D-Ill . ) has offered a host of amendments guaranteeing the right to quality education and health care , among other subjects .
some lawmakers also want to allow for the nullification of federal laws if they are opposed by two-thirds of the states .
as eager as members have been to offer amendments , they 're not moving at any faster pace than in past years .
in the 111th Congress , lawmakers offered 77 such amendments , and they introduced 66 in the 110th .
the pace pales in comparison to that of the early 1990s , when members regularly offered more than 150 amendments every two years , according to numbers provided by the Senate Library .
the last amendment to be added - the 27th - was ratified in 1992 , but it was actually proposed by Congress in 1789 .
appearing on ABC News 's " 20 / 20 " with Diane Sawyer , Giffords struggled to formed sentences and needed help walking .
three months ago , she made a surprise return to the House to triumphantly cast her vote on the debt-ceiling deal .
in her first television interview since the January shooting that killed six and wounded 13 , Giffords smiled , laughed and sang - and described her recovery as " difficult . "
in videos shot by Kelly in the first few weeks , she is seen in her hospital bed , her head shaved and a long scar across her forehead .
months later , Giffords is seen sitting up in a wheelchair as therapists teach her how to perform simple actions .
within days , Giffords uttered another word - " toast , " a request for a change in her breakfast menu .
in the interview with Sawyer , Giffords , who goes through two hours of therapy every day , said she has no memory of the day of the shooting .
suspected gunman Jared Lee Loughner is being held at a Missouri prison and is being forcibly medicated as he awaits trial .
at one point in his wife 's recovery , Kelly told Sawyer , she said , " I 've been beaten . "
" so , I would say , " Gabby , you have not been beaten , " " Kelly said .
and you 're going to get through this , and you 're going to recover and you 're going to come back stronger than ever .
" the servicemen and women were regarded as heroes , " said David Saltzman , who organized the spring fundraiser .
a senior military officer at the gala , also attended by the Joint Chiefs then-chairman , Adm. Mike Mullen , saw the troops " role differently .
" they were rolled out like some sort of orphan kid , " the officer wrote in an e-mail .
the starkly conflicting impressions illustrate the uneasy relationship that has taken hold between the military and an often distant , sometimes adoring American public .
" but it seems that the only way that some can be supportive is to cast us in the role of hapless souls . "
the topic is a sensitive one for military leaders , who do not want to appear ungrateful or at odds with the public they serve .
they also realize that the anger that returning troops faced in the latter years of the Vietnam War was far worse .
after his two sons returned from combat tours with the Marines , retired Col. Mark Cancian warned them that people outside the military would view their service from two perspectives .
some would look at them with a sense of awe because they faced down insurgents and traveled to exotic places .
others would wonder whether there was an " angry , violent veteran beneath the surface , " said Cancian , who fought in Iraq and returned to a senior government job in Washington .
during his job search , he said , he sensed that some interviewers had subtly inquired whether he would be able to hold up under the strain of a demanding Washington job immediately after his combat tour .
" when you talk about your service , you need to counter the negative impressions , " Cancian recalled telling his sons .
" we , as a nation , no longer value military heroism in ways that were entirely common in World War II , " said retired Lt. Gen. David Barno , who commanded U.S. troops in Afghanistan .
instead , praise from politicians and the public focuses largely on the depth of a service member 's suffering .
troops are recognized for the number of tours they have endured , the number of friends they have lost or the extent of their injuries .
Pfc. Elizabeth Lyman was 25 years old and 11 weeks pregnant the night she says she was raped by a fellow soldier .
within minutes of entering Lyman 's room , the man came up from behind her , throwing her down and raping her , she alleges .
the suit alleges that Gates and Rumsfeld failed to curtail widespread rape within the military , in violation of soldiers " constitutional rights .
Burke also says that since February , she has been contacted by nearly 400 other survivors , many of whom could be part of future suits .
the defense team for the Department of Defense , led by United States Attorney Neil MacBride , has filed a motion to dismiss the case .
per a 1950 Supreme Court ruling called the Feres Doctrine , the federal government is not liable for injury sustained by active-duty personnel .
in both Iraq and Afghanistan , teams of female soldiers are playing increasingly important roles , especially in reaching out to local women in war zones .
the result : between those two wars , 150 female soldiers have died - two thirds of them during combat situations .
at Yale Law School , the Veterans " Legal Services Clinic is preparing a case against the four major military academies for allegedly fostering a misogynistic atmosphere .
her group filed a suit in December against the Veterans Administration , charging it with discriminatory practices in the way it handles benefit claims for people who say they were sexually assaulted in the service .
nine separate bills have been introduced in Congress by a bipartisan mix of senators and representatives , proposing a range of fixes .
in 2010 there were 3,158 sexual assaults reported , according to the Department of Defense 's Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Office .
but assaults are notoriously underreported , and by the Pentagon 's own estimate , that figure accounts for approximately 13.5 percent of the estimated 19,000 incidents that occurred that year .
the report , released in March , also examines prosecution rates : in 2010 , 20 percent of reported cases in the military went to trial - half the rate of the civilian justice system .
in Lyman 's case , she reported the alleged rape to military police less than an hour after it occurred .
that night , she says , she was asked to recount the details of her rape 11 separate times to a stream of police , doctors , and commanders .
she did a rape kit , and her assailant 's blood - from a cut on his arm - was found in her bed .
six months later , in April 2009 , Lyman sat through a hearing before a judge , during which she was questioned about having had sex with her boyfriend earlier on the day of the attack .
Lyman was ordered to visit a military psychiatrist , who eventually diagnosed her with a personality disorder , rendering her unfit for service .
as for whether the case filed by Lyman and her fellow plaintiffs moves forward , it 's a long shot , says John Turley , professor of law at George Washington University Law School .
what stands between them and a verdict is this doctrine that has been criticized since it was first issued .
he adds , " The odds are heavily against them ... but it 's important for them to try . "
if the hearing doesn 't go their way , Burke , the plaintiffs " lawyer , will cue up her hundreds of other plaintiffs for future cases .
before he became the new face of right-wing extremism in Europe , Anders Behring Breivik was just another guy airing his anti-immigration views online .
on Monday , Breivik , who admitted to a killing spree in Norway in July which left 77 people dead , faced his first public court hearing .
" we realized that it wasn 't that difficult to get to them at all , " says Jamie Bartlett , the lead author of a recently published report on European digital populism by British think tank DEMOS .
by reaching out through Facebook , Bartlett and his colleagues were able to survey over 10,000 followers of 14 far-right parties in 11 European countries - all without ever leaving the office .
some of the results aren 't all that surprising : online supporters of right-wing groups tend to be young , male , and vexed by immigration .
but in something of a twist , " those who combine their online activism with offline activism are more reasonable , more democratic and less violent than those who just remain behind the computer screen . "
demos 's work is just one example of how Facebook is becoming a hot new tool in the hands of scientists .
think tanks , medical researchers and political scientists are using the site to study everything from health issues to social trends as expressed in ' Likes ' , wall posts and status updates .
" you 'd have to go through the party and they would never allow you access , " says Bartlett .
on Facebook , it 's impossible to know how much of a user 's profile information and wall posts are true .
which is why , despite his years as a technology researcher , Selwyn thinks a clipboard and a pen are still the best research tools anyone can use .
" there 's no substitute for going into the real world and speaking to real people , " he says .
Anders Behring Breivik , the man who confessed to masterminding twin attacks that killed 77 people in Norway this summer , has described himself as a " resistance " fighter during his first public court appearance in Oslo .
" I object to the court because you received your mandate from organizations that support hate ideology and because it supports multiculturalism . "
judge Torkjel Nesheim interrupted Breivik during that monologue because he " did not want to give Breivik the opportunity to use this hearing as a platform for him to express his views . "
Nesheim also ordered police to hold Breivik in custody for 12 more weeks , banned him from accessing media for four weeks , and said that authorities will have tight control over all visits and correspondence for eight weeks .
some came hoping to look Breivik in the eye , others to confirm that he is being held under lock and key .
" it was uncomfortable , but for me I moved on a little bit after seeing and hearing the suspect . "
dressed in a dark suit and blue tie , Breivik remained calm and professional throughout the hearing and looked journalists and survivors in the eye as he entered and exited the building .
it may comfort some that the July 22 attacks seem to be the work of one extremist rather than a group of radicals .
" I wish he looked like a monster , but he doesn 't , " a relative of one victim said .
following the death of Steve Jobs on Oct. 5 , there were some who compared him to Henry Ford - singling out the tech genius as the Great Modern Inventor .
it was only following Jobs " death that a complete VHS copy was discovered in the director 's garage .
this footage , slightly re-edited , is the basis of the 68-minute Steve Jobs : the Lost Interview , coming to Landmark Theaters this Wednesday and Thursday .
for someone known to loathe in-depth interviews , Jobs seems surprisingly eager here to expound on his technological philosophies and business strategies .
it 's one thing to read posthumous appraisals of Jobs " career , but there 's something raw and inspiring about the Jobs we see here , the anxious dreamer on the brink of greatness .
the device has been widely written about before , but Jobs " euphoria here in describing the Blue Box as an act of empowerment is infectious .
he describes how he and Wozniak would test the box by using a pay phone , placing a call , and then connecting from one AT & T network to another while looping in as many satellites as possible .
" we were young and what we learned was that we could build something ourselves that could control billions of dollars of infrastructure around the world . "
at the age of 12 , on the hunt for spare parts to build a frequency counter , he looked up Bill Hewlett in the phone book and gave him a call .
" that made a remarkable influence on me , it was the only company I had seen at that age and it formed my view of what a company was and how well they treated their employees . "
jobs later became one of the HP employees to visit the company 's Palo Alto research labs , where he saw " the first desktop computer ever made . "
it was as big as a suitcase , had a small cathode ray tube display , and I fell in love with it .
I would get a ride up to HP as a teenager and hang around that machine and write programs for it .
early in his career , as he set out to sell a handful of circuit boards , he was asked by a customer to assemble the full computer .
working on only 30 days of credit , he had to figure out both the assembly and delivery of the finished devices .
" say you work at IBM or Xerox , so you make a better copier or printer , so what ? "
sales and marketing makes it more successful , so [ it 's those kinds of people ] who end up running companies and the product people get driven out of the decision-making forum .
the product genius that led to that monopolistic position is rotted out by people who have no conception of good products vs. bad products - the craftsmanship required .
" there 's a tremendous amount of craftsmanship between a great idea and a great product ... as you evolve that great idea , it changes and grows . "
there are tradeoffs you have to make - certain things you can 't make electrons do , glass do , robots do , factories do .
one of the cases at issue was a suit brought by 26 states challenging the sweeping healthcare overhaul passed by Congress last year , a law that has been a rallying cry for conservative activists nationwide .
the lawyer who will stand before the court and argue that the law should be thrown out is likely to be Paul Clement , who served as U.S. solicitor general during the George W. Bush administration .
Clement 's law firm , Bancroft PLLC , was one of almost two dozen firms that helped sponsor the annual dinner of the Federalist Society , a longstanding group dedicated to advocating conservative legal principles .
another firm that sponsored the dinner , Jones Day , represents one of the trade associations that challenged the law , the National Federation of Independent Business .
another sponsor was pharmaceutical giant Pfizer Inc , which has an enormous financial stake in the outcome of the litigation .
in attendance was , among others , Mitch McConnell , the Senate 's top Republican and an avowed opponent of the healthcare law .
in fact , justices are exempt from the Code of Conduct that governs the actions of lower federal justices .
nevertheless , the sheer proximity of Scalia and Thomas to two of the law firms in the case , as well as to a company with a massive financial interest , was enough to alarm ethics-in-government activists .
" the justices were wining and dining at a black-tie fundraiser with attorneys who have pending cases before the court . "
Scalia and Thomas have shown little regard for critics who say they too readily mix the business of the court with agenda-driven groups such as the Federalist Society .
moreover , conservatives argue that it 's Justice Elena Kagan who has an ethical issue , not Scalia and Thomas .
Kagan served as solicitor general in the Obama administration when the first legal challenges to the law were brought at the trial court level .
her critics have pushed for Kagan to recuse herself from hearing the case , saying that she was too invested in defending the law then to be impartial now .
but it 's a big deal when the company is airplane-maker Boeing Co. and the list price for those 50 airplanes totals a record $ 18 billion .
in a forecast released Monday , the Chicago company estimates that airlines in the Middle East over the next 20 years will need 2,520 airplanes worth $ 450 billion .
Boeing over the weekend announced its biggest-ever order by dollar value for commercial airplanes - 50 twin-aisle Boeing 777 jets .
the airline also has an option to buy 20 more planes , which would push the total list price to $ 26 billion , Boeing announced at the 2011 Dubai Air Show .
then on Monday , Boeing said Oman Air ordered six Boeing 787-8s , the so-called Dreamliner , which boasts dramatically better fuel economy and passenger amenities .
that 's important because they will be less likely than other airlines to cancel or delay airplane orders when fuel prices rise , Dihora said .
the Emirates order solidifies Boeing 's lead in the market for wide-body planes and helps hold at bay competitor Airbus SAS ' attempt to encroach on its dominance with the A350 airliner .
Boeing 's win at the air show comes four months after Airbus said it would push back the debut of the largest A350 , which competes directly with the 777-300ER .
Luisa Maria Calderon alleges that drug traffickers helped opponent Fausto Vallejo of the PRI in the governor 's race .
President Felipe Calderon 's sister appears to have lost her bid for governor of Michoacan during violent state elections , and she alleged Monday that drug traffickers helped tip the race in favor of one of her opponents .
preliminary results gave the lead in the race for governor of the western state to Fausto Vallejo of the Institutional Revolutionary Party , or PRI .
Vallejo , former mayor of the state capital of Morelia , denied ties to drug traffickers and urged the other candidates to accept the results .
a PAN mayor was assassinated a week before the election as he campaigned for Luisa Maria Calderon , and numerous candidates quit local races out of fear .
for the PRI , though , however nasty the Michoacan election looks , a win will help the party 's momentum .
" so anybody who can help Europe get out of the crisis is useful , " he told the Financial Times in an interview on the sidelines of the World Economic Forum in Mumbai .
in recent days , Italy 's borrowing costs have soared dangerously and the prime ministers of both Italy and Greece have resigned .
the unfolding sovereign debt crisis in Europe has raised fears that it could push the global economy back into recession and prompted calls for leading emerging economies to band together to help the eurozone find a solution .
" it is not an option , it is an imperative , because where do we find employment for tens of millions of our young men and women . "
others argue that developing economies like India have no business helping wealthy Europeans when they face their own profound economic challenges .
" sometime they will find out that Greeks retire at the age of 50 and go on holiday to beaches and it won 't go down well , " he said .
the ADB 's forecast of 7.5 per cent economic growth in Asia for 2011 / 12 now faced " risks on the downside " because of the threat from Europe .
he said vulnerable emerging markets needed to make " contingency plans " to protect themselves from a downturn and significant capital outflows from their economies .
the Pentagon already is digesting $ 450 billion of reductions over the next decade but now fears an additional $ 600 billion or more in cuts may be imminent if Congress cannot reach a deal on spending .
he said that congressional failure to reach a budget agreement and the resulting so-called sequestration would trigger 23 % across-the-board reductions and a halt to many new projects .
" while wartime funding in the Overseas Contingency Operations accounts is not directly affected by the sequester , war efforts would be adversely affected by the severe disruption in the base budgets , " Panetta warned .
" contracting personnel would be cut , resulting in delays in the contracts and the contract oversight that support the war . "
" payroll personnel would be cut , resulting in late payments to wartime vendors , and legal and policy support would be disrupted . "
" the consequence of a sequester on the Defense Department would set off a swift decline of the United States as the world 's leading military power . "
" we are staunchly opposed to this draconian action , " the senators said in a joint statement Monday afternoon when they released Panetta 's letter .
" the sequester is a threat to the national security interests of the United States , and it should not be allowed to occur . "
whether the Panetta letter and the fresh warnings from Senators will increase pressure for a budget compromise or step up calls to exempt the Pentagon from cuts remains to be seen .
Panetta has been increasingly outspoken about the possible cuts , although he came to the top Pentagon job with years of budget expertise himself in Congress and the White House and knowing that he was facing tough choices .
at a news conference last week , the secretary of defense painted a bleak picture of what could lie ahead -- a military with a shell but no core .
" it 's a force that suffers low morale , poor readiness and is unable to keep up with potential adversaries . "
and Panetta said that some of the biggest defense projects could face the ax , including those already being tested and some just in early stages of planning .
administrators at Penn State have been charged with perjury for allegedly covering up reports that a retired football coach was sexually assaulting boys .
last week French president Nicolas Sarkozy was caught on an open microphone asserting to U.S. President Barack Obama that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is a liar .
new York congressman and Internet flasher Anthony Weiner made a fool of himself issuing denials quickly contradicted by incontrovertible evidence .
former presidential candidate John Edwards has been charged with campaign finance violations connected to the cover-up of an extramarital affair .
and then again , no one who lived through it will ever forget the media circus President Bill Clinton unleashed by lying during his second term in office about his sexual involvement with Monica Lewinsky .
there have been instances where teachers have given students test answers in order to make themselves look good on their performance reviews .
on a given day , studies show , you may be lied to anywhere from 10 to 200 times .
detecting lies , or " lie spotting , " is an essential skill for everyone to acquire , for both personal and professional reasons .
a trained lie spotter can get to the truth by learning about statement structure , facial micro-expressions , question formation and timing .
good liars are skilled at reading others well , putting them at ease , managing their own emotions and intuitively sensing how others perceive them .
we also know that if you are perceived as a wrongdoer , others will feel less guilt in lying to you .
someone might use lots of " qualifying language " when answering a hard question : " well ... to tell you the truth ... as far as I know ... to the best of my knowledge . "
these skills will enhance anyone 's chances of avoiding victimization by scam artists in their professional and personal lives .
TransCanada said Monday evening it will move the planned pipeline out of the environmentally sensitive Sandhills area of Nebraska , and is confident the project will still win approval .
TransCanada official Alex Pourbax says the company remains confident it will eventually get a pipeline approved , albeit with a different route .
" this is a real path forward , " Rep. Lee Terry , a Republican from Nebraska , told Fox News .
the new environmental review ordered by the State Department likely would push off any decision until 2013 , after next year 's elections , though officials denied that politics was involved in the decision .
Obama , in a written statement last week , described the decision as the State Department 's call , and expressed support for it .
but Nebraska lawmakers opposed to the plan are weighing legislation to force a move away from the Sand Hills region and Ogallala aquifer , a major source of drinking water and irrigation .
one is whether a lobbyist hired by TransCanada , Paul Elliott , who was a campaign adviser to Hillary Clinton in 2008 , represents a conflict of interest for the program .
the other is whether a firm that was hired to conduct the original study was an inappropriate choice because it was tied to TransCanada .
a New York family claims that disco diva Patti LaBelle launched into a rampage in the lobby of their Manhattan building , terrifying their toddler daughter to the point where she threw up in fear .
it was Nov. 10 of last year when stagehand Kevin Monk , his kindergarten-teacher wife , Roseanna , and Genevieve were getting ready to go on a family trip .
while Kevin Monk got the car , Roseanna Monk came down to the lobby of their Riverside Boulevard building with their luggage , carrying Genevieve .
" someone came up behind me and said , " Do you know what your daughter is doing ? " I said " yes " and went to pick her up , " she said .
" she said in an aggressive tone , " You shouldn 't have left your daughter by the door , " " Roseanna Monk said .
" I said to this woman , " Look what you 've done to my daughter , " " the child 's mother said .
the suit seeks unspecified damages , but the family 's lawyer , Sam Davis , said he took the case for free and that the family plans to donate any money it gets to a children 's cancer charity .
" that kind of behavior is completely unacceptable , especially when aimed at a kindergarten teacher carrying an 18-month-old child . "
during the first year of Mario Lopez Valdez management , in Sinaloa increased the unemployment and the informality , foreign investment declined and the economy was reduced .
the monthly average income of Sinaloa workers was , until September , 5.352 pesos , well below the national average , that is of 7.375 pesos .
for business representatives , the first year of Mario Lopez Valdes government demonstrates a lack of capacity of the government .
Lopez Loredo said that the events such as early frost this year stopped the state economy and its performance and growth were restricted .
the General Attorney Office reported that the sentenced drug dealer is Omar Alexis Valenzuela Sandoval , for the crime against health , in its variant of possession of marijuana for purposes of trade .
for these reasons , the insured was put at the disposal of the Second District Court and the sentenced person continues to be a prisoner at the Center for Supporting the Legal Consequences of the Crime .
" they have to contribute with almost 12 million and even though the year is ending they have not given us a dime . "
the replacement of analog with digital is one of the most important changes that has hit the world in recent years
in his speech , the minister said he did not agree with the arguments of the project in the sense that the federal executive cannot structure through general rules the measures for the public administration to get prepared .
the replacement of analog to digital is one of the most important changes that have hit the world in recent years , and results in a better utilization of the radio-electric spectrum , better signal quality and more channels .
he recalled that a large number of countries around the world has now completed the digital transition , and has done it through the executive , despite of having highly specialized technical bodies .
the remains of the pilot Felipe Bacio Cortes arrived in Saltillo , his hometown , this Sunday night ; on Monday there were carried out the reconnaissance and a requiem mass .
at noon the ashes of the Lieutenant Colonel arrived at the chapel located on the boulevard Nazario Ortiz Garza , where family and friends were coming .
Felipe Cortes Bacio left very young the city of Saltillo in order to enter the College of the Air in Zapopan , Jalisco .
his nephew Jorge Alberto Dávila Bacio remembers him as a very good person , " just arrived in Saltillo the whole family wanted to greet him , as when he brought Martha Sahagun to Saltillo . "
Bacio Cortés died the past days when the helicopter he piloted collapsed , along with Secretary of the Provincial Government , José Francisco Blake Mora , and six others , all officials of this department .
hours before the discovery , the military authority presented in media eleven persons who were detained in the same municipality for crimes related to organized crime .
three men were found shot dead in different parts of the body and with the shot of grace , in an abandoned farm of the municipality of Cadereyta Jimenez , Nuevo Leon .
the discovery occurred at kilometer 1.5 of the Cadereyta road to Santiago , at the height of the community known as El Castillo .
looking inward , at about three meters , they located the bodies of three people , so they immediately gave notice to the corresponding authorities .
according to the data obtained there , the three persons were killed in another place , since there were no cases on the site .
according to the released information , initially ​ ​ on November 11th in the colony of Los Alvero there were arrested eight people and one person who remained deprived of his / her liberty was rescued .
they were given three houses and a cell phone , claiming to be members of the criminal group called " Los Zetas . "
by stopping them and making the inspection , the militaries found a rifle , a chamber and 18 cartridges .
subsequently , after these statements , on November 13th at 14 : 00 one of his accomplices was stopped in the common land of La Pravda , who seeing the military tried to escape .
the appointed prime minister , Mario Monti , will meet tomorrow with the president of Italy in order to present the new government that will face the crisis that has put the country on the edge of an economic disaster
a statement from the presidential palace announced that Monti , named on Sunday , will meet on Wednesday with the president , Giorgio Napolitano , to confirm that he can form a government .
he is expected to present a cabinet composed largely of technocrats , although it is unclear when the new executive will undertake the position .
" I want to confirm my complete confidence in the ability of our country of getting out of this difficult phase , " said the former European commissioner to the reporters .
Monti did not say explicitly that he could form a government but the tone of his comments indicated that the obstacles had been overcome .
the new administration led by the former European Commissioner Monti must approve a tough austerity package demanded by the European leaders in order to regain the confidence in Italy .
underlying the pressure on Monti to hurry , the instable markets put the yield of the Italian BTP bonds to 10-year above 7 percent , the level at which Greece and Ireland were forced to be rescued .
Emma Marcegaglia , leader of the Italian employers ' Federation told the reporters after meeting with Monti : " we said we would support very much this government . "
Monti 's chances of success were considerably boosted by the support of the LDP party of Silvio Berlusconi , who was forced to resign on Saturday due to the crisis .
" we believe that the efforts of Professor Monti are destined to have a good outcome , " said to the reporters Angelino Alfano , secretary of the center-right party .
any blockage or delay in their efforts could lead to a new and devastating attack on the financial markets .
the Italian association of foreign banks added to the pressure by warning that a failure of Monti would be a disaster .
Monti began on Monday his consultations with the political parties , unions and business groups , as well as with youth and women organizations .
Monti was appointed on Sunday by Napolitano , who has enabled an extremely rapid transition in response to the crisis .
after a brief rest at the end of last week , when it became clear that Berlusconi would resign , the Italian debt costs have now reached critical levels between uncertainties about whether the new prime minister will succeed .
rescuing Italy with a public debt of 1.8 billion Euros would be too much for the current financial defenses of the euro zone .
Monti has said that his government would last until the next elections scheduled for 2013 , despite the widespread predictions that politicians would only give him time to implement the reforms before moving forward with the elections .
Monti said he would like to include politicians in his cabinet , but the major parties insist that it must be made only of technicians , an indication of his objections to a process forced by the financial pressure .
political sources said that the mutual mistrust and disagreement between the parties are complicating the attempt to include political figures .
a minor contrast to Costa Rica , comparing the 22 players called by both countries for the friendly game today , at 3 : 05 pm at the National Stadium in San Jose .
Casillas will play today against the Tricolor and will impose a new record of 127 international matches for Spain .
after this , only five exceeded the 30 games : Keilor Navas with 31 , Randall Azofeifa with 32 , Michael Barrantes with 31 , Carlos Hernandez with 36 and Jose Luis Lopez with 35 .
on the national side , with less than 30 presences , there are Roy Miller with 26 , Winston Parks with 26 , Gabriel Badilla with 25 and Roy Myrie with 23 .
while Nacho Moreal has only four games and Jordi Alba two , in Costa Rica Victor Bolivar has only one Olman Vargas and Nelson Edder did not debut yet .
the leading scorer of Spain is David Villa is , with 50 goals , followed by Fernando Torres with 27 .
for Costa Rica , Bryan Ruiz is the one that registers more points , two more than Carlos Hernandez and three more than Roy Myrie and Parks .
in an exclusive interview with Viva , the bassist Jeff Ament , of Pearl Jam , said the band is ready to offer one of its best concerts next Sunday at the National Stadium .
this was stated by the bassist and founding member , Jeff Ament , who spoke exclusively with Viva , from Brazil , last week .
the group is on the South American zone within the tour celebrating two decades of work and Sunday 20th will make its only stop in Central America .
that day they will be present at the National Stadium , starting at 7 : 30 pm , together with the band of Los Angeles The X and the band of the nationals Las Robertas .
I 've been to Costa Rica only once , on vacation , it is a beautiful country and I think we 'll be able to stay a few days there .
I ask this because there is a kind of devotion to the band ; the fans live with intensity the days before the concert .
it took us almost 21 years to get to Costa Rica , thanks for waiting so long and we regret that it took us so long to get here .
some of the biggest shows we 've played over the past 21 years occurred during the last couple of weeks .
we had a few wonderful shows in Sao Paulo and we hope that this has put us in shape for this concert in Costa Rica .
we love this country , we love to surf and the jungle , for both things , Costa Rica is one of the best countries in the world .
my friends are always going to surf in Costa Rica and Nicaragua , along with Mexico , these are great places to surf , and that 's how we learned about , through people who love surfing .
that makes the show more interesting for us and therefore I think it also makes it more interesting for the people .
from time to time , arises a band of a city , but it is much more strange when five or ten bands come out at the same time from the same city .
yes , four of us were together for 21 years and Matt ( Cameron ) joined us 13 years ago , which , by itself , is much longer than many bands lasted .
we are all very close friends and , thanks to this , there have also been opened musical avenues that give each the freedom to experiment .
we take care of not being too much on tour because it is easy to fall into this game of big crowds and people who love your music .
we were a band for almost three years and never released an album until after the death of Andy ( Andrew Woods ) .
is it true that you know its work , especially Eddie Vedder , and that 's why you chose it for the opening ?
yes , the production sent us several videos proposals and that was the band that we liked most , so we 're anxious to see what Las Robertas can offer live and should be very entertaining .
also , I think you can be a happy person and still be able to make music that is dark .
the ex President Alberto Fujimori was hospitalized Tuesday in a public hospital in order to be evaluated for the loss of muscle strength that occurs in the legs , informed his family doctor .
Aguinaga said that in his opinion Fujimori would be a candidate for getting the benefit of pardon on humanitarian grounds ; however , he said he did not want this because he knows he is innocent .
in his speech , Sarkozy threatened to exclude from the international community those countries that remain tax havens , a statement that caused the refusal of Uruguay and the call to consultation of its ambassador in the European country .
on the trade plan , Mexico and Uruguay have in force since 2004 a Free Trade Agreement ( FTA ) that has increased the exchange of goods between both countries .
Nintendo spokesman has claimed that , despite being in 3D , " Super Mario 3D Land " is an " accessible " video game which allows enjoying a quick and fluid game .
Alvarez said that " Super Mario 3D Land " contains two games in one : the first part is " simple " to engage less skilled users .
once pasted , most experts will give a " second round " to the levels of the play , which this time , are more difficult .
in this game Nintendo winks to the fans of the series and repeats the successful formula of the previous games , the plumber with mustache will have to go through dangerous mined platforms in order to free princess Peach .
at a press conference , Colom said that his decision is according to the independence of judiciary and executive powers , taking into account that a trial court had already ordered the extradition .
he stated that during his mandate he did not " put his hands " in judicial decisions and accepted all extradition proceedings he has ever known .
what 's done by Colom represents an executive process after getting exhausted all legal and constitutional courts to prosecute the ex head of state between 2000 and 2004 .
in accordance with the resolutions of the Fifth Criminal Court and the Constitutional Court ( CC ) , Portillo will be extradited once resolved his legal situation in Guatemala and guaranteed his human rights .
the balance of the first 25 years of life of the social support entity Trinijove is important : 6,000 young people at risk of exclusion have been helped to overcome a difficult situation during this century quarter .
the yesterday celebration at Sant Andreu gathered a large number of responsible entities and institutions that in these 25 years have collaborated with the association .
the diverse political representation , in the election time , showed the unitary character of the work done by Trinijove .
he said Trinijove was born in a very difficult time and that the current period is also difficult , but added that the work done so far " is a good base . "
the president gave Trinijove as an example for fighting against the bad circumstances and giving hope to people with difficulties .
" the crisis is not new to the entity and the work done by it , " he said .
twelve people left voluntarily yesterday at noon the property they were illegally occupying , and where they organized macro parties that exasperated the neighborhood , by court order without police intervention .
the first three floors were the scene of mass parties , which lasted up to two days and exasperated the tenants .
the owner , Maria Pantinat told to Europa Press that since the building was occupied her business went down 80 % .
the owner of the club says that the invaders of the farm made her an unfair competition , since they were selling drinks for three Euros , while in the club worth 10 .
in this sense , he added that " it is necessary to put an end to impunity and to be strongly against the incivility that has been generated on the farm . "
at 15 : 30 the police went to 35 Montral Street after receiving a call from a neighbor who had noticed that four people had entered the building .
in mid 80 's at the height of the now extinct Metropolitan Corporation of Barcelona ( MCB ) , this Administration printed promotional leaflets of Collserola .
the reference was not Central Park , but Yellowstone , with the wild boar on the role of Yogi Bear .
this was all about until , in September , the council called for a mega competition composed of 16 contests for as many other doors to Collserola .
the competition , both as for its merely organizational side as for its reflection on the city is a topic of conversation among all architects of Barcelona .
it 's almost a recurrent theme to make use of when two members of this ancient lineage of elected persons recognize themselves in an elevator .
and this fact gives rise precisely to one of the few similarities between what three architects of Barcelona are saying and the academics , which have been presented .
Modolo , as Roland and Bayona with experience in the urban world , called the proposal " intellectual challenge " with " some dangers . "
hazards arising from the " uncertainty of projecting the public space " after the experience of the 80 " s which had in the Forum area " his swan song . "
" we must think of new urban planning tools , because the current [ in reference to the General Metropolitan Plan ( GMP ) ] can lead to a real disaster . "
tighter to the question , Modolo believes that simplifying the Collserola valley side " can be understood as a park , Barcelona , ​ ​ not " by a purely topographical issue .
otherwise , a project for one of the gates can crash into the program and definition with the project of the architect of the next gate .
in your opinion , the council should ensure that the band immediately above the Ronda de Dalt should provide in its entirety , an area of equipment to conduct a smooth transition between the city and the green .
after 72 days of arrangements , the legal representative of the Red Casino forgave the brother of the mayor of Monterrey of the process against him for alleged extortion
after the public condemnation , the State General Attorney opened a criminal case against the mayor 's brother and on September 2nd , he was arrested and imprisoned for 30 days .
after four hours before the Agent of the Public Ministry for Heritage Crimes , he was transferred to the Temporary Jail , located in the Old Neighborhood of the state capital .
based on the record 197 / 2011 legal pardon is granted to Jonas Larrazabal and thereafter there may not be made any claim about the process that was intended against him ; also no damage repair or punishment will be required .
after the hearing of the legal representative of the bookmarkers , at almost 15 : 50 it was ordered the immediate release of Larrazabal Breton .
the clerk of the court , Jorge Yanez , went to the jail of the municipality of San Nicolas of Garza to notify Jonah that he has been legally pardoned and his record will be filed .
the Secretary Dionisio Perez Jacome gives details of the crash where the Interior Minister , Francisco Blake , and seven others died .
" the elements that seem to indicate that the unit had several contacts with the ground , the blades came into contact with trees at 25 meters where the unit lost the fuselage . "
he also reported that the unit was designed for 19 people , so it fulfilled the necessary requirements to transport people .
he also said that the investigations made ​ ​ in the area of impact do not report the appearance of pieces on the ground .
" in a research it is reported that there are no parts or components of the ship in another place , the impact is presented in a structural way .
for now , the secretary said it is a priority to have the results as soon as possible ; however , the investigation may take several months or even one year .
" this information reinforces the hypothesis of a normal cruise operation at the time of the impact , " he said .
at the press conference , the owner of the SCT , Perez Jacome , listed six important elements in the investigation :
according to the aviation regulations the flight was conducted under visual flight rules , this means that the crew must have visibility during the flight and the ground .
AICM reports were indicating suitable conditions for taking off as the aircraft moved towards the border area between Mexico City and Mexico State there were layers of clouds at low altitudes .
on the area of the accident there remains undisclosed evidence in the wreckage of the craft , some kind of explosion or fire .
the information provides elements that seem to indicate that the helicopter may have had multiple impacts with the ground .
social Security directs a research to find the gene for obesity in children and young people ; it is supported by specialists from the IPN
once reached the goal of bringing 500 to 600 children , the study will continue in the Independence Sport Unit ( South the Mexico City ) and finally in the Morelos Sports Unit ( North the Mexico City ) .
they will also be asked about physical activity and family hereditary history of disease , in order to avoid risk factors that give rise to diseases such as diabetes or kidney failure .
he said the justification for searching the markers is based on that the population of the country differs from other in its genetic history .
he reported that on average , the Mexican has a 65 percent of American Indian heritage , 30 percent European and five percent African and this condition is reflected in the genes that are associated with diabetes and overweight .
he explained that generally , the genetics of obesity result in the inability to burn off the excess energy that we consume ( calories ) and which is stored as fat .
the researcher explained that the direct benefit for the participants is a comprehensive assessment of the children , which can detect if they have any degree of overweight or obesity .
even , he said , the presence of dark-colored folds ( acanthuses ) on the neck and forearm indicates the likelihood of suffering of metabolic disorders and even Prediabetes .
Rafael Herrera , a researcher at the Faculty of Chemistry of UNAM , develops polymer-modified asphalt to produce a mixture with the best performance , regardless of the environmental conditions and temperature
this means that the resistance of the street asphalt is not uniform , but is modified during the day according to the environmental conditions and temperature , said the specialist in chemical engineering .
among the most superficial layers is the asphalt , composed of small stones dipped into the asphalt and then compacted .
on the asphalt covering , he added , is placed a final layer called rolling covering , which is made of a fine stone material , meaning sand also dipped into the asphalt .
since this is the layer that will be in contact with the wheels of the vehicle , it must have a better mechanical strength than the asphalt covering and provide road friction .
when the ground is wet , water diffuses inside the covering and it 's hard to get out , this causing a softening of all layers of the pavement and , therefore , the formation of potholes .
this time Melina Ramirez Serna had to be content with being on the winning podium , wearing the silver crown and the band that accredited her as the new princess of Colombia .
a response that the jury did not like due to the term " culturalization ' and second of all for not specifically explaining how each of the cited books have marked her .
but after the ceremony Melina said she was calm and happy with the result " the universe is wise it happens what it has to happen . "
and that was noted in her first appearance in swimsuit on the beach of Hilton and during her two shows at the evening coronation .
another hypothesis is that Valley failed to convince the jury about her interest in social work , which is ultimately the essence of the National Beauty Contest .
this is why , two days before the election the international jury Lucy Doughty said they were seeking a woman committed to the social needs of her country .
" beauty is not enough for a Miss Colombia , we must look beyond the physical appearance and focus on social awareness , before entering the contest they must be already involved in projects , " she said .
meanwhile , the journalist Guido Hoyos , of Cromos magazine considers that the error of the Valley of Cauca were the surgical interventions she suffered .
however , she will go down in history as one of the queens that despite her overwhelming passage through Cartagena , found difficulties in getting the crown .
in 2000 he moved to the capital of the Valley and , after making the corresponding courses , he specialized in lophoscopy , which is the study of skin friction , meaning the palms of the hands and feet .
the week of Eliazar 's operation against alias Alfonso Cano he was warned to take clothes only for three days .
accompanied by a Galtonian magnifying glass , ink , a paddle and a flashlight , Eliazar compared the fingerprints of the corpse with those of the card .
the fingerprinting science is an exact science , without error , which can be key solution in solving crimes .
apart from the identification of bodies , the fingerprinting specialists support research for crimes like theft and murder and confirm the identity of those captured .
through the investigation it was determined that a relative could be suspected of the crime and , indeed , a print on the bottle matched .
although this does not guarantee that it was the murderer , it places him it in the murder scene .
a fingerprint expert of CTI explained that in objects " footprints are drawn with chemical or physical reagents . "
the councilman personally defended the evacuation of the Zuccotti square carried out at dawn , an operation in which about 200 arrests were made and this was decided so because protesters were " violating the law . "
along with Michael Buble and other prominent Canadians , she will appear on the television program " It 's a Russell Peters Christmas " on December 1st
in the scene , Peters , a well known Canadian comedian of Indian origin who recently appeared as a presenter on the tour of " My Violent Torpedo of Truth " by Charlie Sheen appears as Joseph .
GDP grows by 1.5 % due to domestic consumption and puts an end to the downward spiral that began in March
since last March , the Japanese economy was paralyzed , still recovering from the devastating earthquake , resulting in a nuclear crisis , the worst catastrophe suffered by the Nippon country since the Second World War .
the first estimates of Tokyo government regarding the material losses amounted to $ 300,000 million , a blow that , despite the difficult global context , seems to have dimmed .
the one recorded in the second quarter , for the Japanese the Fiscal Year begins in March 2012 - represents also the fastest rhythm of growth from January to March 2010 .
in fact , companies increased their investment by 1.1 % versus 0.9 % decline in capital expenditures which was observed from January to March , the first decline after six months of uninterrupted increases .
Japan has awakened , especially thanks to the evolution of the household consumption , which now represents 60 % of the Japanese GDP .
with a stronger currency , the products are more expensive abroad , a serious slap for a country whose economic line is determined by the health of large technological groups .
as markets continue their siege of the peripheral countries of the EU , the Government of Yoshihiko Noda does not lower the guard .
the Organization for Cooperation and Economic Development ( OECD ) said that most member countries showed in September clear signs of economic slowdown .
the euro zone even fell below the average , which is at the level of 100 , since it rushed eight tenths up to 99.13 points .
with peripheral risk subsidies launched and uncertainty reinstated in the parks , Greece is still entangled in the maze that leads to the exit of the great European debt crisis .
a package of 24 programs to boost employment , reform of the disciplinary code of civil servants and new measures against tax evasion will be the first initiatives .
however , the message of Samaras does not clear the doubts about his position : " we are committed to helping the transitional government , but we are not committed to anything . "
the Microcredit Summit arises not only as a forum for debate , but also as a platform that promotes " two basic goals . "
finally , the Queen Mrs. Sofia concluded by encouraging those present to participate in the debate and find solutions to advance the fight against poverty .
in this regard , she said that it would be a mistake to link cooperation with developing countries in times of economic boom , as it is a " continuing obligation . "
the motion on the preidency of the European Commission , tabled by the directorate , was adopted almost unanimously .
not only because Europe means peace , but because " nine million jobs depend directly on the Euro . "
this is , generally speaking , the case of one of the proposals of the motion adopted by the congress , whose inspiration clearly comes from Wolfgang Schäuble .
certainly , it is not probable that the Twenty-Seven will rapidly agree to this solution ; Great Britain is opposed to it and the heads of CDU think that Nicolas Sarkozy is also opposed to it .
first and foremost , with a view to budgetary economies , the government intends to impose on private employees a fourth day of unemployment before the start of unemployment benefit
clearly , without the specific consent of the employer , an employee falling sick will lose four days ' pay equal to at least 15 % of his / her monthly income .
a measure , which threatens to arouse anger , but which , according to Les Echos , would produce a saving of 280 million Euros .
now that these questions are being discussed , the majority are also relaunching the subject of fraud , targeting abuses linked to medical certificates .
according to the Caisse nationale d 'assurance maladie ( CNAM ) , over 237 million Euros of daily compensation were paid in 2006 .
comparing these figures with those of their European neighbours , French employees are no more inclined to take sick leave than those in any other country .
the strengthening of legislation since 2002 has led to systematic controls of certificates valid for longer than 45 days .
in 2008 , out of 1,5 million controls , the CNAM found that 13 % of the 285 000 controls on short-term sickness certificates were " unjustified , " or too long , " equal to 37 050 cases .
in total therefore , 169 000 cases were " unjustified , " out of several million of employees issued with certificates .
a figure which represents very few cases , compared , for example , with the " black " labour figure .
on Monday , Antonis Samaras , the leader of the Right , gave his support to already approved measures to try and emerge from the debt crisis , but warned that his party would not support additional austerity .
" we will not vote in favour of new measures , " he said at a meeting with the deputies of his New Democracy party .
he declared his agreement with the objectives of reduction of the deficit and of the debt and of the struggle against waste , but also his opposition to any policy which would prevent economic recovery .
this committee recommends to the government to modify the criminal code , so as to permit assisted suicide and euthanasia when it is elected by a patient deemed competent to make such a decision .
at the outset , the experts cite a recent inquiry by the Economist Intelligence Unit , which compared the quality of death in 40 countries worldwide .
whilst Canada is placed 10th , the study notes that " the medicalisation of death in Canada has produced a culture in which people are afraid to tackle the subject of death .
medicalisation or not , 77 % of Canadians do not have access to palliative care , report experts appointed by the Royal Society of Canada .
countrywide , it is in Quebec that the rate is highest , with 86 % of deaths taking place in hospital .
on the contrary , affirmed during a teleconference , Jocelyn Downie , who submitted the report , more such cases were found precisely in those countries , where euthanasia and assisted suicide have not been legalised .
regarding persons who commit assisted suicide , investigations indicate that 41 % of such cases should not have been prosecuted .
they also suggest among their other recommendations , that the penal code should state that legally valid withdrawal of nursing care is not criminal .
the committee of experts also requests that health professionals should be trained in the duty to respect a withdrawal of nursing care at the end of life without having to fear criminal prosecution .
regarding palliative care , the committee calls on governments , nursing institutions , and doctors to work together to provide the best possible palliative care and not only in cases of cancer .
certain experts in the field of the health-related legislation have already voiced reservations concerning the conclusions of the Royal Society of Canada experts ' report .
the specialist in health legislation , Margaret Somerville also expressed " strong opposition to the conclusions of the report , which she described as being " obviously pro-euthanasia . "
diplomatic pressures intensified yesterday on the Syria of Bachar al-Assad , who , with the support of Russia , is resisting them and has denounced a " plot " against his country .
in his turn , the Turkish foreign minister , Ahmet Davutoglu deplored the fact that Turkish efforts to mediate , which began at the start of the year , did not meet with success .
two other civilians died during exchanges of fire and heavy rifles at Jobar in the besieged town of Homs , according tot his ONG .
during a Press conference , the Syrian foreign minister Walid Mouallem stated that the country was approaching the end of the crisis . "
he moreover reacted strongly against the decision of the Arab League to suspend Damascus which according to him represents a " dangerous step . "
the French foreign minister Alain Juppé also declared himself in favour to the dispatch of UNO observers to help to protect civilians from repression by the regime , which according to him , is " paranoid . "
the former European commissioner was yesterday in discussions with the political parties before today 's meeting with unions and employers
" Monti spoke about an important programme involving a lot of sacrifices , " said Francesco Nucara , a deputy of one of the numerous small parliamentary groups taking part in the discussions after meeting the prime minister-designate .
the consultations will end in the presentation by M. Monti of a limited list of a dozen or so ministers to the head of State , Giorgio Napolitano .
in a " democracy , time is needed for the preparation of a government and a programme , he stressed , adding that he was certain that the markets would be patient and understanding . "
his appointment by the president was initially welcomed by the markets , but disquiet re-emerged , in particular after an unexpected fall in industrial production in Eurozone in September .
the prime minister-designate had to form a team , most importantly comprising technocrats , even though he stressed that he would also like to include " politicians . "
according to the president of the Chamber of deputies , Gianfranco Fini , the new government would secure the vote of confidence of parliament by Friday .
m. Monti undertook that once in office he would work hard to ensure that Italy would once again become a protagonist in Europe .
a spokesman for the European Commissioner , Olli Rehn. stressed that " regardless of a new government , our diagnostic of the Italian economy has not changed . "
President Napolitano would like to avoid an early election , because by April 2012 Italy must place State debentures worth 200 thousand million Euros .
the Institute of Science of International Safety ISIS ) bases itself on the recent report from the International Atomic Safety Agency ( AIEA ) and other documents from this UNO agency , to identify this researcher .
last week , AIEA announced its serious disquiet concerning a " possible military dimension " of the Iranian nuclear programme .
the global number of hate crimes increased very slightly to 6 628 cases , of which 47,3 % were motivated by racial differences and 20 % by religious differences , according to FBI .
" the American government can and must do more to deal with his abuse , he adds , judging that this could be due to the editing of police reports on hate crimes . "
this enables one to know if they cause messages to be monitored , if they subscribe new accounts , if they have favourite messages , etc .
this new Twitter formula was tested " on a small percentage of users in August " before being broadcast to the entire network on Monday , indicated a spokeswoman of Twitter , Carolyn Penner to AFP .
" the functionality activity will help me to monitor better certain elements of my Twitter flow , " sent @ dannykronstrom .
the dispositions adopted by the Austrian government approach the " German model , " being the first European country to adopt this " rule . "
the objective is that of making public debt fall below the 60 % criterion fixed by the treaty of Maastricht by 2020 / 2021 .
the Japanese prime minister , Yoshihiko Noda , warned on Tuesday that the Japanese authorities would again intervene in the exchanges market if the value of the yen continued to rise .
" we would intervene as we did the last time , if we found excessive volatility in the rate of exchange of the yen , explained M. Noda to the Senate .
on Tuesday , the yen rose to near historical levels , causing the Japanese authorities to intervene on 31 October .
on that date , Tokyo sold the yen against the dollar on a massive scale in order to cut the value of the Japanese currency , which was setting a new record of strength since 1945 .
on Tuesday , the dollar fell below 77 yen and the Euro fell under the symbolic bar of 105 yen , close to levels which triggered the last intervention .
prior to the financial crisis of 2008-2009 , the dollar was about 120 yen and the Euro over 160 yen .
this rise of the Japanese currency damages Japanese exports , because it makes Japanese products more expensive and reduces the value of income of Japanese firms from abroad , when converted into the national currency .
but the prime minister felt that the high price of the yen did to reflect " Japan 's economic fundamentals . "
but the deputy governor of the institution , Hirohide Yamaguchi , warned that the Bank of Japan had already taken steps the " appropriate steps " stating that no additional monetary flexibility was to be expected on Wednesday
despite the appointment of new heads of government in Greece and in Italy and better growth figures in France and in Germany , the rates in fragile countries continue to rise .
still worried about the stability of Eurozone , European exchanges have entered a little further into the negative area on this Tuesday 15 November .
the Tokyo exchange closed with a fall of 0,7 % , suffering fresh doubts of market participants on the subject of the capacity of Europe to contain the debt crisis .
this re-emergence of disquiet about the future of Eurozone penalises the single currency , which has continued to fall on Tuesday .
these tensions of the rates of interest of southern countries , but also France , continue to feed the apprehensions of participants .
the head of the future Italian government , Mario Monti asked the markets for time to restore the situation in an Italy threatened by asphyxia by the weight of its debt .
the new Greek prime minister Lucas Papademos affirmed that the implementation of decisions taken at the Eurozone summit on 27 October would be " the principal task " of his government .
the spread of the rate between 10-year German and Spanish bonds has reached a new historically high level .
France has recorded an economic growth of 0,4 % in the third quarter , a little better than the expected 0,3 % , due to increased household consumption .
the Inseen nevertheless revised downwards the figure for the second quarter , with a fall of 0,1 % of the gross internal product ( PIB ) instead of stagnation .
a first estimate in respect of the whole Eurozone is expected at 11 a.m , the European Commission having warned against the risk of a new recession .
this is not the case of Belgium , which subordinates its decision to the need to find a source able to replace nuclear energy , or that of Switzerland , which intends to build only the most modern ones .
the United States , decided after Fukushima to add a unit to their range by resuming the construction of a centre , which was interrupted after the Three Mile Island accident .
although the German model based on renewable energies is sometimes quoted as an example , the reality contradicts that argument .
on the other hand , thanks to the constancy of energy policy , our neighbours pay 40 % more for their electricity than French households .
since in the worldwide economy the cost of energy is a key factor of competitiveness and a stake in the maintenance of the industrial tool in the national territory , French companies benefit from the cheapest electricity in Europe .
it should be recalled that the energy policy of our country made it possible to establish an industrial line of 125 000 direct jobs and 410 000 resulting ones .
strongly export-oriented , it attracts a galaxy of specialised RME 's in international markets and creates many jobs , which cannot be moved elsewhere .
if France decided to abandon nuclear power , she would sacrifice a large number of these RME 's and lose the annual 6 thousand million Euro 's worth of French exports of nuclear equipment and services .
to solve the energy equation , it must be admitted that there is no miraculous or diabolical source of production of electricity .
at Fukushima , some people appear to forget that the accident resulted from two natural disasters of unprecedented magnitude , which caused the death of tens of thousands of people .
in 2005 , the fear of invasion of the national territory by hordes of Polish plumbers was felt both on the Left and on the Right .
in his programme , François Hollande confines himself to banalities , saying that co-development would allow our immigration problem to be solved . "
this notion of immigration being a burden and a problem , may be an electoral asset , but it is economically very costly .
fears about the impact of immigrants are based on the notion that they are liable to replace native workers , in particular unskilled ones , exerting downward pressure on wages .
but experience shows that in reality immigrants are much more complementary to , rather than replacements of , local labour , exercising trades in which there is a shortage of local labour .
unskilled immigrants work in sectors , which do not attract local labour and the most highly skilled ones in dynamic sectors where training does is not linked to offers of employment .
migrants are also net contributors to social systems , averaging 1 % of the total budgets of European countries .
Nicolas Sarkozy wished at the start of his mandate to look for missing points of growth " with the teeth . "
some believed that it was enough for democracy to finally triumph over its enemies , to exercise the vote , and to do so as directly as possible .
the European crisis , which we are passing through , is an economic crisis , but it is primarily a political crisis and a crisis of democracy .
the truth is that the lines of the forefront of democratic struggle have now moved , and that for many , the republican soldiers are no longer firing in the right direction .
we have nothing to gain from demanding a succession of national referendums organised as required and in a confused sequence .
the " free hand " of an absolute European monarch , or a jump with tied feet into the nationalist void ; what a choice for a citizen !
no , we do not want the blades of a guillotine , but an exercise , joint , serene and ongoing , of choice and of democracy , this time on European level .
there are no crises in Greece , Italy , Spain or Portugal and one would not know where to stop enumerating them , because there is only a single crisis and that is in Europe .
it is the whole of Europe , which defers to the dictates of the markets and of rating agencies , who suffer from their incapacity and a lack of solidarity .
because it is by all working together , that Europeans will be able reduce the weight of their individual debts , to free themselves from the markets and to prepare for the future by investing in it .
emerging from the crisis will entail decisions on European level , which cannot be made without total democratic legitimacy without leading us into disaster .
after having long fought this proposal by specialists and of Jacques Delors , the whole world now calls for a European economic government .
but the idea without stronger economic , political and democratic integration and lived in such by citizens , would be a fresh folly and a new impasse .
the year 2011 should actually end on an 11 % rise of worldwide sales of microprocessors ( Bank cards , telephones with a SIM card ... ) , with over 6 thousand million units , according to Eurosmart .
the most important sector is that of contactless technology , which enables paying for common transport or paying for purchases simply by passing the card over a reader .
their share will progress in 2012 ( 580 million units expected ) and represent almost 10 % of the global market of chip cards ( 6,925 million cards ) .
for a long time , lagging behind the Asia-Pacific region , Europe is now gaining ground in contactless payment .
some 26 million Visa bank cards are already equipped with this functionality and 75 000 payment terminals accept them .
but this is only a first stage of the future mode of payment , namely , the mobile telephone .
few apparatus are at present equipped with NFC technology ( Near Field Communication , essential for implementing these transactions .
" we are counting on a worldwide sale of 80 to 120 million units in 2012 , explains Marc Bertin , president of Eurosmart .
and the Société Générale also said yesterday that it is preparing the market launch of an offer enabling its clients to pay via their mobiles .
suspected for a long time , the links between the terrorist group al-Qaida in the Islamic Maghreb ( Aqmi ) and the Nigerian Boko Haram sect have been confirmed .
on Sunday , the Algerian deputy foreign minister , Abdelkader Messahel , even stated that Algiers is now certain .
among the rubble left behind by the action , French and Nigerian investigators found several telephone chips belonging to the terrorists .
" this is an advance , but it is undoubtedly necessary to await more exact proofs before talking about operational cooperation between Aqmi and Boko Haram . "
" it has been known for years that the sect benefits from outside financial and intellectual support and that it is becoming more and more active , says Kunle Amuwo , a Nigerian researcher .
it is politicised and demands rigid respect of sharia , whilst its militants engage in a struggle with the impious central government .
concerning China , Iran , aid to Israel , Mitt Romney , Herman Cain , and Rick Perry compete in simplification and a lack of knowledge .
can an America weakened by crisis , lead a complex world by simple and indeed , simplistic , ideas ?
for some days , Mitt Romney , Herman Cain , Rick Perry and the others multiply resounding and abbreviated foreign policy declarations , which are traditionally a republican strong suit .
Jon Huntsman , Obama 's former ambassador to China and the only candidate with a vision of a sophisticated foreign policy , has failed to suppress an attitude which flatters the emotions .
HR also promised to increase military aid to Israel , accusing Obama of failing in his obligations to wards that partner .
the entrepreneur Herman Cain , the second best-placed candidate , declares an embarrassing lack of knowledge of the files .
recently , he called for opposition to the Chinese military threat , because Peking is trying to develop a nuclear capacity - apparently unaware of the fact that China has possessed it since 1964 !
the Texas governor Rick Perry , who supports Israel and wants military strikes against Iran , says that he is ready to involve the USA army in Mexico against the drug cartels .
resort to the torture of terrorist suspects prohibited by Obama in 2009 , is also recommended by Cain , Perry and by the candidate Michele Bachmann .
they recall that Obama himself was an amateur and that he had to water down his wine concerning anti-terrorism .
they insist with good reason on the setback of his naive dialogue with Iran on the premature departure of the " boys " from Iraq , his tergiversations in Libya labelling him weak .
and in arguing that it is necessary to reconstruct America economically to revive its leadership , Obama is right .
the North Stream gasduct connecting Western Europe and Russia directly along the bottom of the Baltic sea , has been commissioned .
a second pipeline is due to be ready by the end of 2012 , making it possible to deliver a total of 55 thousand million cubic metres of gas , the equivalent of the entire French consumption .
the North Stream will in fact allow gas to be delivered directly to Germany , avoiding any passage via a third country ( Poland or the Ukraine ) .
these two countries will lose some of their power : it will become more difficult for them to influence Russia by threatening to close access to West European markets .
at the most critical point of the debate , Warsaw did not hesitate to compare North Stream new " German-Soviet pact , " referring to the alliance between Hitler and Stalin to occupy Poland in 1939 .
but at the price of depriving Europe of energy , since the project has created a breach between eastern and western Europe .
Russia has succeeded in less than five years , in achieving its vision of a direct alliance between Russia and the the rich Western countries , which consume large quantities of gas , and whose deposits are declining .
the undersea pipeline is made of steel embedded in concrete , in order to protect it from ships ' anchors .
" a hundred had to be removed or destroyed as a precaution , " says Jens Müller , spokesman of North Stream company .
the pipeline is a long metal serpent , of weight equivalent to that of 242 Eiffel towers , with no breaks throughout its length , no valves and no maintenance stations .
a control platform was provided on the level of Sweden , but the project managers abandoned it since the Swedes were not keen on seeing a Russian State company becoming permanently on its shores .
" in case of accident we stop the passage of gas for at least one minute , " states Jens Müller .
but this is thought to be unlikely by the constructors who provided welds to leak only every 100 000 years .
being cigar-shaped , it is introduced inside the 1-metre wide pipeline , and it is pushed along by the gas .
these five companies have created a joint enterprise called North Stream , delegated to construct and to operate the gasduct .
" Gazprom will pay for the total capacity , whatever may be the quantity of gas actually transported , " states Jens Müller .
it is a scent of adventure , of hours sent in writing by a the light of a candle .
the Moleskine notebook is easily recognised , by its black rectangular cover , its elastic , its broken white pages , as if aged over time .
Maria Sebregondi , then a consultant of the company , has assumed responsibility for the launch of the new product .
the notebook draws its inspiration from an old production technique , the mole skin which means varnished cotton used for covering benches , for example .
it is difficult to establish a profile of the typical purchaser , because the notebook attracts equally a businessman , a student and a professional .
the small Italian company , which had only 12 employees at the start , now has almost 100 and two offices , one in Milan and the other in New York .
its distributes its notebooks to Fnac libraries , small shops in town centres and has succeeded in becoming well known .
" we followed the spirit of the times and this need for new means of writing , notwithstanding the rise of e-mail , " explains Maria Sebregondi .
this cultural signature accompanies the development of Moleskine ; recently , the brand launched an exhibition " Detour " where architects or artists exhibit their own notebook .
in August , it also launched a leopardskin pattern cover on the occasion of the Film Festival in Locarno .
exploiting its success and the cultural aura , Moleskine diversified its products to include handbags , pens , computer bags . the brand includes every kind of support .
a success , which aroused envy ; in the autumn of 2006 , Modo Modo was bought by the investment fund SG Capital Europe , now Syntegra Capital , to write a new page in the history of Moleskine .
despite a public voluntary policy introduced in 2005 , the rate of unemployment of the handicapped is still twice as high as the average , namely 19 % , versus 9 % for the population as a whole .
" no , stresses Eric Blanchet , Director-General of Adapt , the association which organises the week for the employment of the handicapped . "
they have rather a low level of qualifications ; 80 % do not have the " bac " and out of the 2.3 million students in higher education only 10 000 are handicapped .
lastly , long-term unemployment is very widespread , being 85 % for the handicapped versus 38 % on an average .
" we are now on around 3 % , " says Pierre Blanc , director-general of the Agefiph , the organisation responsible for collecting contributions from companies which do not observe this law .
proof : the number of " taxed " establishments , like the sums paid , have fallen between 2007 and 2011 , from 59 000 to 46 000 structures ( and from 606 to 480 million Euros ) .
" the law of 2005 , which raised the contributions , created a strong pressure on companies , explains Pierre Blanc . "
according to the ministry of employment , only 59 % of establishments employing between 20 and 49 handicapped persons , versus 82 % of companies employing between 100 and 199 persons .
we do not go so far as to say that there was connivance between them , but the image is symbolic .
" at Lille , I am there all the year round , which is not the case of Belgium . "
the Portugal of Paulo Bento starts its return match against Bosnia ( 22h00 ) very optimistically , this Tuesday in Lisbon .
" at the end of these 90 minutes , we will be a happy team and most importantly , a happy country . "
in view of the ( 0-0 ) , on Friday in the hell of Zenica it is clear that the games are not over .
whilst Portugal dominated the match for over one hour , it was not able to reach this precious target , which would have consoled it .
" we are expecting a very close match , but we are convinced that we can win , declared the Portuguese trainer aged 42 .
" we are going to play a team which has many technical qualities and which has players possessing many individual qualities , " he added .
as already in Zenica , the Portuguese would plan to exert maximal pressure on the Bosnians from the start , to " give them no time to think . "

however , the Brennan Centre considers this a myth , stating that electoral fraud is rarer in the United States than the number of people killed by lightning .
unlike in Canada , the American States are responsible for the organisation of federal elections in the United States .
this phenomenon gained momentum following the November 2010 elections , which saw 675 new Republican representatives added in 26 States .
as a result , 180 bills restricting the exercise of the right to vote in 41 States were introduced in 2011 alone .
furthermore , these laws also reduce early voting periods , invalidate the right to register as a voter on election day and withdraw the right to vote of citizens with a criminal record .
over the past two years , they sponsored bills in 34 States to force voters to show a photo ID card .
it is important to note that , unlike Quebec , American citizens do not have a universal ID card such as the health insurance card .
on the other hand , these same States allow fishing or hunting club members , who vote more Republican , to use the cards issued by these clubs when they vote .
what is more , in 2011 Republican legislators sponsored laws abolishing the registration of voters on election day in eight States .
in addition , they limited the right of individuals and groups to provide assistance to voters wishing to register .
for example , during the 2004 general election , voter registration campaigns contributed to registering around 10 million citizens .
in addition , Republican legislators have enacted laws in five other States aimed at reducing the early voting period .
for example , during the 2008 general election in Florida , 33 % of early voters were African-Americans , who accounted however for only 13 % of voters in the State .
on the other hand , 76 % of voters were white but these represented only 46 % of early voters .
for example , only 16 out of 34 States have adopted laws requiring the presentation of a photo ID card .
however , the new rules put in place will undoubtedly make it more difficult to exercise the right to vote in 2012 .
democratic critics denounce the partisan character of the laws that have been passed and they see a clear objective of influencing the 2012 results in key States .
a 2011 Brennan Centre report shows that the States that have adopted these laws represent 171 of the 270 votes needed in the electoral college to win the Presidency .
it is too early to say with certainty that these legislative changes in the electoral system will have significant impacts on the outcome of the 2012 presidential elections .
indeed , the PSA test sometimes shows erroneous results with false negative or even false positive results , which involve unnecessary medical interventions .
another study , this time a European one , concluded that there was a difference in mortality between patients who were screened and those who were not .
today , many men in whom cancer has been detected will not be treated because their cancer is not aggressive and is not life threatening .
more and more , specific criteria are being determined in order to decide who should or should not be treated .
but the important thing is to have a discussion with your doctor to determine whether or not to take it .
despite the progress in research , the adoption of healthy living habits remains the best way to reduce the risk of suffering from it .
" if no more people smoked , this rate would increase to at least 50 % , " says André Beaulieu , spokesman for the Canadian Cancer Society .
for the Canadian Cancer Society , the fight against tobacco remains a priority , despite the decrease in the number of smokers .
encouraging data : 10 years after giving up smoking , the risk of dying from cancer drops by half .
they can increase the risks of cancer of the breast , colon and rectum , oesophagus , pancreas and uterus .
" research shows that the regular practice of physical activity throughout your life protects against colon cancer " it is also said .
the announcement of the probable discovery of the Higgs boson created quite a stir last summer , and with good reason .
indeed , it is believed that this boson is part of the mechanism responsible for the mass of everything in the Universe , no less .
also it is the last particle whose existence is predicted by the Standard Model - our best or " less worse " explanation of the nature and behaviour of matter - but which has not yet been observed empirically .
we know without a shadow of a doubt that it is a new authentic particle , and greatly resembles the Higgs boson predicted by the Standard Model .
in our world , there is a fatally unavoidable law which states that two things cannot meet at the same place at the same time .
there 's no way to break this rule - and don 't try too hard , you 'll go mad .
these bosons , it must be stressed here , are not all such exotic bugs as you might think .
in fact , if you can read this article , it is thanks to an extraordinarily banal boson : the photon , or the " light particle " which is the " messenger " of the electromagnetic force .
when , in fact , a particle having an electric charge accelerates or changes direction , this " disturbs " the electromagnetic field in this specific place , rather like a pebble thrown in a pond .
the same applies to the Higgs boson , with the difference that it is another field , the Higgs field , which must be " disturbed " for the boson to appear .
which is why a huge particle accelerator like the one at CERN - the Large Hadron Collider is a ring with a 27km circumference ! - is needed to achieve such energy levels .
some , such as magnets , do so , but others don 't - a piece of paper , for example , will never stick to a fridge .
and likewise , not all particles interact with the Higgs field : those that do so have mass , while the others ( such as the photon ) do not .
for science , it serves to check the validity of the Standard Model ( SM ) , and also allows physicians to examine any discrepancies between the observations and predictions of the SM .
a number of people , moreover , fervently hope that some will be found , because the slightest difference could open a door to a " new physics " and plug certain holes in the Model .
the repercussions of this research on the daily life of the man in the street are more difficult to predict , but it would be wrong to assume that there won 't be any .
remember : in the very early 60s , the pioneers of the laser at Bell Laboratories did not suspect the revolution that would be triggered by their work .
for example , the same Willard Boyle developed a small light sensor in 1969 , during his work in optics .
this sensor , although this was not at all the original intention , now serves as an " eye " to all digital cameras worldwide , and earned him the Nobel physics prize in 2009 .
this does not of course mean that the activities of the LHC will necessarily transform our lives , but it does mean that , actually , you never know ...
the disease is doing its work : huge weakness which prevents him going to the toilet alone , and even eating alone .
courageous , he even manages to smile , talks to the strangers bustling around him , bringing him his medication , offering him a bath .
" what I want most is to be cured of my diarrhoea , it 's humiliating " he confided .
" during our lives , we learn that a man pisses standing up , " says Pierre Brodeur , psychologist at the Victor-Gadbois home .
because , in the opinion of a number of people working in palliative care , great moments occur at the very heart of such regression .
for Mrs A. , 89 years old , the worst fear is to die " conscious and suffocating . "
" I don 't wish for anything more in life " she says , before accepting having a mask put on to help her breathe .
she looks forward nevertheless , in the next few days , to a last visit by her son coming from Italy .
here , life continues under the best possible conditions , explains Dr Christiane Martel , one of the doctors at the home .
a person who is dying will accept being helped to drink brandy or Pepsi , whatever is their tipple .
" for six months , there have always been three to five beds which are occupied by cancer patients less than 45 years old " says a concerned Dr Christiane Martel .
and a number of organisations , such as the Victor-Gadbois home and the Palliative Care Society in Greater Montreal , specialise more or less exclusively in care provided to cancer patients .
since October , a manifesto , signed by palliative care luminaries including Dr Balfour Mount and Dr Bernard Lapointe , has been circulating to demonstrate their opposition to such an initiative .
according to Dr Christiane Martel , the Quebec health system is not effective enough to ensure that everyone will be entitled to quality palliative care before it is accepted to proceed to euthanasia .
when I announced to my oncologist that I was stopping the treatment , she told me she regretted that I had given up fighting , she said .
Dr Martel believes that 90 % of patients asking to die thank care-givers for not having acceded to their request after they have been relieved of their pain by a palliative care team .
according to Elsie Monereau , Palliative Care Director with the Palliative Care Society in Greater Montreal , patients are resistant to treatment against pain in 8 % of cases .
at the very end of life , physicians then often resort to palliative sedation , which is equivalent to putting the patient to sleep until the time of death , either sporadically or permanently .
but this does not necessarily mean " I want you to euthanise me , " it means " I want to be relieved . "
an " industry " which has cost Quebec taxpayers dearly , especially in the 1990s and 2000s .
" it is curious how the system is crumbling since we took drastic measures " says Jacques Duchesneau ironically , a Quebec politician and former Montreal Chief of Police .
" since the inquiry opened in 2010 , he says , the Ministry of Transport alone reportedly saved a billion dollars on contracts , " with certain people curbing their instincts to get a share !
the Charbonneau Commission " has already brought down two mayors " he adds , hoping that it will succeed in " revealing the schemes behind the individuals . "
the Permanent Anti-Corruption Unit , created in 2011 , is also coupled with its army of government analysts , investigators , and auditors .
plus the " marteau squad " policemen who , since 2009 , have apparently led the Montreal " sewer cartel " to soft pedal on the inflation of contracts ...
in recent weeks , it has conducted a series of searches and brought charges of fraud and corruption against municipal politicians , such as Frank Zampino and Richard Marcotte , Mayor of a suburban town .
next on the list is apparently Gilles Vaillancourt , who has just resigned from his post as Mayor of Laval , third largest city in Quebec .
the latter caused a sensation by explaining the mechanics of the public contracts " system " to the commission .
Mr zambito has handed money out freely in the 2000s , giving over 88,000 Canadian dollars ( roughly 68,000 euros ) to provincial parties , especially the Liberals then in power .
other highway officials admitted having their palms greased by inflating invoices by 30 to 40 % , and by false add-ons .
then an organiser of the Mayor 's party , Martin Dumont , accused Mr Tremblay of having deliberately closed his eyes to a parallel budget feeding his coffers with dirty money .
the wound is being cleaned , but Montreal would need its own investigative unit with ongoing monitoring , to avoid the return of these questionable practices .
estimating the share of dirty money in the financing of election campaigns in Quebec at 70 % , he says dryly : " I was told that it was only a pale reflection of reality . "
from my debut at the Clairefontaine INF pre-training centre to my transfer to Saint-Etienne , I 've always moved step by step .
today he has no equal in Ligue 1 , and he 's one of the best coaches in Europe .
one of our main goals is the Champions League : we qualified for the last 16 in the right way .
first of all , we want to finish top in our pool , ahead of Porto , to have home advantage in the last 16 match .
even if big teams like Marseille , Lyon and Bordeaux are competing for the title , I think we have the weapons to win .
after we won 4-0 at home against Troyes and they still found things to blame us for , that 's definitely a bit frustrating .
look at Manchester City who , for two seasons , have failed to qualify for the last 16 , despite also having spent huge amounts !
Thiago Silva , who is one of the best defenders in the world , also helps everyone else progress .
I 've learned the lessons from what happened in the Ukraine and I now owe it to myself to have exemplary behaviour .
did the good draw ( 1-1 ) snatched in Spain , on 16 October , represent a founding match ?
the opposite of current monetary exchanges , based on central banks , identified transactions and processing fees among the parties involved .
in addition , as often in these technologies , a political vision is palpable : the belief that the current monetary system , made up of banking monopolies , leads to financial crises .
however , the European Central Bank ( ECB ) took an interest in it in a report on virtual currencies published in October .
with Bitcoin , all nodes in the network are both custodians of the book of accounts , auditors , currency issuers , and buyers and sellers .
using the contents of the file , it is also possible to ensure that the exchanged bitcoins exist in the public book of accounts , broadcast across the entire network .
it passes through the resolution of a mathematical challenge issued to the computers , and the winner , a kind of interim central banker , will have the privilege of adding this extra line .
computers " take " the new transaction and add a number to it , then " hash " it all up .
once this number has been found , the other nodes can easily check that it is the right one .
the transaction is then indestructibly linked to the chain of all the other transactions ; any modification would alter the imprint .
" the loophole used is not the protocol itself " says Pierre Noizat reassuringly , who has just launched Paymium , a real currency payment company that uses the Bitcoin network .
" thirty thousand dollars were exchanged " welcomes Jon Holmquist , who works for Coinabul , which converts bitcoins to gold .
Pierre Noizat , also author of an educational book on this currency , has a lot of faith in the potential of this technology as a transaction network .
the system is easy to implement by merchants , who do not need to install new terminals or software .
" it will take time for Bitcoin to become firmly established , but 2013 could be a turning point , " he predicts .
the ECB , in its report , says it will reassess the various risks , currently regarded as high , in the event of the currency 's success .
the Taliban is composed of foreign extremists , former leaders in refuge in Pakistan , but often peasants who refuse the presence of foreign armed forces , like in the time of the Soviets .
they want to defend their traditions , both ancient and archaic , even though they have been joined by Jihadists , Pakistanis , Arabs , Uzbeks , Tajiks .
tolerated , sometimes assisted , by local insurgents , the latter will no longer be so when Westerners become more scarce .
the departure of French troops from the Nijrab base , which I observed from the top of hills of almond trees planted with French funding , was carried out in an orderly fashion .
their takeover of the country had been perceived then as a sort of liberation , a return to safety .
former Mujahidin , the Afghan Government and the current Taliban are allied in the desire to keep women in an inferior position .
they became profiteers , seizing government land to resell as building land to refugees returning from Iran and Pakistan , benefiting from huge American outsourcing contracts .
the people , as I heard in the countryside , want a Government that is not made up of thieves .
roughly 65 % of the population is less than 25 ; Kabul now has 5 million people , a fifth of the total population .
it will be necessary to provide work for those young people who no longer want to return to the obscurantism of the former parties or the corruption of certain leaders .
all of them , including the armed opponents , are partial to mobile phones ; television , with its Turkish soap operas that show a modern world , is followed everywhere .
former commanders of the anti-Soviet struggle are already thinking about restoring provincial militias , which will escape the central power .
no industries have been re-established , no dams are in good condition , no major irrigation systems have been repaired .
with no energy to process the iron ore or copper on site , or means of transport to export it across the mountains , there is no mining .
one day it will also be necessary for Afghanistan and Pakistan , on which imports and exports largely depend , to restore normal relations .
these projects , involving large numbers of local labour , have helped to contain the insurgency : irrigation , wells , drinking water , reforestation , fruit trees , soil protection and increase in cultivable areas .
a much more modest budget would contribute to improving local living conditions , which are very hard in these valleys often located over 2,000 metres above sea level .
while Egypt remains more divided than ever around the constitutional declaration , which temporarily grants him full powers , he has decided to go for broke .
taking everyone by surprise , he announced on Wednesday that the Constituent Assembly would vote on its final text the following day .
just a week ago , the head of State had given the Assembly two more months to finish its work .
according to his opponents , the President is persevering in his " autocratic delirium , " continuing to " go back on his word " and ' trample the law . "
his supporters affirm that this is the quickest way to put an end to the institutional and political crisis , by speeding up the transition process .
a very short period , which forces the Brothers to abandon their plan to explain the text , article by article , to the Egyptians .
for the President , it is also a way to achieve popular and democratic legitimacy while the dispute rages throughout the country .
particularly since a hasty vote smacks of an ultimatum to the Egyptian people : " either you vote for my text , or I keep full powers , " these powers supposedly expiring following adoption of the Constitution .
in mid-November , shortly before the constitutional declaration , they had slammed the door , feeling they had failed to assert their views .
commentators were also amused that one of the only diversions of the day was expressed with regard to ... the hour of prayer , some Committee members feeling that the Constituent Assembly clock was wrong .
the main focus of attention , article 2 , remains in the final analysis identical to that of the 1971 Constitution , stipulating that " the principles of sharia are the main source of law . "
the Salafist parties , for which the establishment of Islamic law is a major claim , were hoping to replace " the principles " by " the rules , " which would have allowed stricter application .
for the Islamists , the fact that this article was not amended is a guarantee of their goodwill and their respect for the other elements of Egyptian society .
they refer in particular to article 220 , which grants Al-Azhar University an advisory role , with particular reference to verifying the conformity of the laws with sharia .
the liberals ' fears are also fuelled by the fact that the next Rector of the university will probably be much less moderate than the current one .
but he acknowledges that " there may be some ambiguity regarding article 220 , because the terms used borrow from the religious vocabulary .
and the question could be asked in future to what extent civil judges are competent to pronounce on it . "
beyond its religious aspect , the text voted on yesterday is highly criticised due to the extensive powers it grants to the President of the Republic .
in accordance with the wishes of the military , the Defence budget review will be not submitted to Parliament , but to a National Defence Council .
nor will trials of civilians will be banned in military tribunals , as requested by associations for the defence of human rights .
the offence of blasphemy is maintained and insults are now prohibited , which could have serious consequences on freedom of expression , particularly for the press .
in addition , no longer does any of the articles refer to the protection of women , highlights HEBA Morayef , from Human Rights Watch .
AIF [ Argumenti i Fakti ] newspaper highlighted the five most important reasons why it is a must to visit Israel .
Galilee is the place where Jesus performed his magic : turned water into wine at a wedding , walked on water , calmed a storm , and filled the nets .
the Holy Cross Monastery in Jerusalem is erected at the site that , according to Christian legend , yielded the tree used to make the cross for Jesus ' crucifixion .
Jerusalem has the most holy places for the Jews as well - the Wailing Wall , which remained from a temple destroyed by the Romans in 70 AD .
according to tradition , people of different faiths leave notes here with their wishes , which are then fulfilled .
it has ancient Qumran manuscripts and Dead Sea scrolls found in the caves of the Judean desert , along with about 500,000 archaeological and anthropological artefacts .
its exhibits include a wide range of impressionists and expressionists like Monet , Pissarro , Renoir , Sisley , Cezanne , Matisse , Modigliani , Chagall , Picasso .
the fifth one is the Holocaust Museum or Yad Vashem in Tel-Aviv , which tells one of the most dramatic stories in history .
the most tragic section is the children 's memorial , built in memory of 1.5 million children killed in concentration camps and gas chambers .
there are three resort areas in Israel , located on the coasts of the Mediterranean , Red , and Dead Seas .
it is notable that one can swim in the Red Sea even in winter months , because the water temperature does not drop below 21 degrees and the air warms to 23 degrees .
incidentally , it is the most unusual sea in the world , located in the lowest point of the planet - 417 m below sea level .
its azure water is saline and easily keeps you afloat , even if you don 't know how to swim .
they are preserved in the old section of Tel-Aviv - in the town of Jaffa on the Mediterranean Sea .
according to legends , this is where Noah built his ark and Perseus saved the beauty Andromeda , with whom he lived a long and happy life .
they say , if you touch the walls on the street of your sign , fortune will come to you .
in Jaffa , you can meet newlyweds who come from all over Israel and even from other countries for photo sessions .
and in Caesarea - the city of King Herod - you can walk around a Roman theatre , " capture " the Crusader fortress .
during the Roman period , Caesarea was the main city of Judea and the residence of Roman prefects , including Pontius Pilate .
a ticket for any type of city transportation costs 6 shekels , and you can ride for 1.5 hours with transfers .
many cafes , restaurants and hotels have only kosher food , with no pork , seafood , fish with no scales , or dishes that combine milk with meat .
car rental , depending on car type , costs from 37 ( Hyundai Getz ) to 188 ( Audi A6 , Volvo S80 ) dollars a day .
between January and October 2012 118,800 Ukrainian tourists visited the Holy Land , which is 51 % more than a similar figure in 2010 , before the removal of the visa regime on February 9 , 2011 .
while deputies and human rights activists argue about the purpose of the law on mandatory language testing , the country already has scam artists who sell fake certificates .
a new law came into effect on December 1 , which obliges every migrant worker to pass a Russian language test .
for the moment , this law applies only to those who intend to work in services , housing and utility services , household services , and retail .
but with time - as promised by the Federal Migration Service - tests will become mandatory for all non-residents .
people who received education certificates and diplomas before the fall of the USSR in 1991 are also exempt under the law .
first of all , according to representatives of the migration service , this will allow to reduce the number of people suffering from labour slavery .
only the system of organized selection will enable us to solve 90 % of the problems of foreign workers .
migrants without profession , education , who do not know Russian , who do not have a medical certificate start to have problems .
naturally , this is not so much their fault , but due to poverty : very few Turks , Uzbeks , and Tajiks can afford even a basic education .
if they have no status , there will be no testing , nor any official work in the future .
" they ask for a hundred or two for cigarettes , tea , " Umed Khushkadamov , a citizen of Tajikistan , shared with journalists .
on the first day of the law 's entry into effect it turned out that not only migrant registration documents can be fake .
naturally , they were not free for their owners : each of the migrants , who had hoped to facilitate the task of passing the tests in this way paid seven thousand rubles for them .
it is two and a half times more than the process of official testing , which costs three thousand .
government officials and human rights activists agree that the main goal in the near future is to protect the system from corruption , so that the certificates could not just be bought .
for the moment , the authorities can promise migrant workers who could not pass the test the first time to give time to complete a basic language course .
in addition , those who come without Russian language knowledge will be offered work in areas that do not require active communication with people .
this is the reaction of authorities to recent incidents : click shots at weddings , where there were no casualties , and the massacre staged by Moscow lawyer Dmitry Vinogradov , resulting in CLICK the death of seven people .
policemen want to prohibit the carrying of weapons in public places and raise the legal age of weapons licensing from 18 to 21 .
not everyone is happy that the Russian authorities are trying to fight the problem by " tightening the screws . "
an open letter appeared online , whose authors - representatives of different social rifle organizations - demand to abandon the " senseless toughening . "
authors of the open letter are certain that the toughening of the law in the area of civil weapons will not prevent the criminal from going to the " black " market .
nonetheless , the Ministry of the Interior asserts that the situation of the spread of illegal arms is under control .
there are five such channels , explains retired colonel Viktor Baranets , who has worked in the Ministry of Education and the General Staff for 10 years .
first : " army or military loot , " i.e. weapons that were stolen during the fighting in the Caucasus .
Baranets explains that this covers weapons taken from police warehouses and those stolen directly from law enforcement agencies ' employees .
" there are proven theories that some of the fires were intentional , in order to cover the shortage , " says the former military man .
" there are so many private weapons factories now , which do not endure competition on the international market and throw weapons from under the counter to the black market , including in Moscow , " says the expert .
" there 's production there , sometimes handmade ; and a mafia has formed , which has organized a stream , " explains the former military man .
experts counted the approximate share of each of the sources of supply of illegal weapons to the " black " market .
experts analysed the reports of the Department of the Interior and Rosstat , criminology literature and open data from portals on weapons .
the overwhelming majority of illegal weapons , according to the researchers , comes from the military and security forces .
half of all arms on the black market are there " because of officials , whose work is connected with weapons , " states the report .
according to researchers ' data , 17 % of the time the weapons are received from armed conflict areas , 14 % is theft during production , 5 % is " black archaeology . "
" he takes it to the city and sells for 900 euros a piece with two magazines , " he says .
" the truth is that police are aware of everything , that is why periodically , when the crime detection rate is low , it conducts test purchases from illegal weapons merchants , " says the consultant .
there are salesmen on labour markets , but one needs to " come " there conditionally " from John Doe , who asked to tell that his daughter lost a tooth . "
according to Baranets , the buyer is not offered a pig in a poke - you can try out everything .
I , the potential client , am not just buying ; we go to the forest with the seller and set a target there .
" I am given the opportunity to shoot , and when I am certain that the weapon is good , we begin to negotiate , " describes the expert .
" without a license , of course , " asks user " John " ( name is changed ) .
I heard about this : normally the site is registered outside the area of applicability of the laws of Russia .
" in response , a photo is sent with instructions on where the weapon is hidden , " says Press Secretary of the Rights to Weapons non-governmental organization Dmitry Kislov .
Viktor Baranets confirms that after leaving a request on the site you can stay without a weapon and go to jail .
the Federal Security Service now spreads a big network of fake sites and there are tons of potential buyers of military weapons .
" people are like hungry fish after bait , and end in Siberia mining coal , " - he says .
according to Dmitry Kislov from the Rights to Weapons organization , a Makarov gun can be acquired for 100-300 dollars .
right now , nobody is able to predict whether this wave will turn into the ninth wave or it is destined to fizzle out early .
actions began last week after Thanksgiving , on Black Friday , when massive sales drew millions of people in America , sometimes accompanied by clashes .
Walmart sells everything imaginable , from diapers , hunting rifles and car batteries , to vacuum cleaners , eggs and milk .
according to critics , Walmart can afford to sell the products cheaply partly because it pays little to its employees .
protesters on Black Friday demanded a salary increase and complained that the cost of medical insurance provided by the corporation went from 30 to 100 dollars a month .
scientists from the Berkeley University in California argue that if Walmart raises the average salary to 12 dollars / hour , it will cost the corporation 3.2 billion dollars .
if Walmart fully shifts the cost of increasing wages to the shoulders of consumers , each visit to the store will cost only 46 cents more .
Walmart supporters happily note that the protests took place in nine states and did not cause any damage at all to the corporation .
black Friday continued in its stores from 8 in the evening on Thursday till midnight the next day , and during the period Walmart sold about 5000 products a second .
McDonald 's says that it sells billions of portions , and despite this it doesn 't even give you sick days or pay you for honest work !
fast food restaurants increase it with time , but very little . on average their ordinary employees in New York earn 8.90 dollars / hour .
once upon a time , almost a fourth of American teenagers went through McDonald 's , working part-time after school , living with parents .
now I continuously come across interviews with McDonald 's employees , who complain that they have to survive on this salary and sometimes even feed their children .
on the other hand , there is a comment on the Wall Street Journal forum , whose author notes that it is irresponsible to have children if you do not know how you will feed them .
American law prohibits the administration from preventing this or punishing activists of the union movement by nagging or firing .
but only a few hundred people took part in it , and many of them were not fast food employees , which comprise tens of thousands of people in New York .
among modern technology fans a popular topic is augmented reality , lately seen primarily through the prism of special glasses .
at first , a functional model was shown by Google in the summer , at its annual conference . then , in November , it was announced that Microsoft filed an application for patent too .
they are drawn by the prospect of manipulating virtual objects in the air with bare hands , creating virtual open spaces .
while people in general are stuck at working with pixels on a flat screen and sometimes pointing fingers at them .
for example , Xbox and Kinect sensors are a step forward . almost no Xbox is sold without Kinect today , because everyone likes control by gestures .
information entry has improved ( the system receives more data ) , but output still needs to get better .
we are trying to change this , working on truly three-dimensional display systems based on various technologies , including projection technologies .
then we will be able to supplement the real world with virtual objects in a much more convenient form .
- It clearly cannot be called a cure-for-all - there 's a question of privacy , because we do not always want to let the others know about our actions and intentions .
for example , we had a project to control devices in public places , in which we thought about movements , not wide movements , but small , reserved ones .
movements were not recorded by a camera , but by a hand bracelet that determined the movement of bones and muscles .
- So you want to make the users adapt to what the machine can or cannot do at that moment ?
I think in the near future , we will mainly work on developing new sensors that will enable more precise determination of a person 's reaction .
this could be , e.g. laser sensors . they have a decent depth resolution , which is very important .
- If we talk about your work with Xbox Kinect sensors , what are your complaints about modern cameras ?
it 's not just the mega pixels , though , but the quality of the matrix and the depth .
from the latter point of view , all current technologies are not good enough for us - this adds work to the algorithm designers .
so it 's important to remember about the resolution on the X , Y , but also the Z axis .
human movements are relatively dynamic , and the current 30 k / s is really not enough , especially for gestures .
Steven Bathiche from our Redmond laboratory created a touch sensor with a regulated processing delay from 1 to 100 ms , while modern serial sensors are closer to the latter indicator ( 60-100 ) .
in my work , it would be very useful to have a device that does not require touching and would have more images per second .
- In Kinect there are three cameras now , one of which is actually an infrared emitter and the second one , the recipient of the signal .
it would be nice to create a flexible analogue Kinect , play with the flexion of camera disposition and see how this will help in three-dimensional determination of the position .
Don 't you think this is one of the most promising platforms from the point of view the everyday use of augmented reality technologies ?
- Let us imagine for a minute that manipulation of virtual holographic objects in the air is available not only to Tony Stark from Ironman , but to a regular person .
- In my lectures I often say that augmented reality is the seventh consecutive attempt at the interaction between man and machine .
for now , one of the interesting tricks is to use the second hand as a sort of matrix for the image .
there are also wrist bracelets that affect the nerve endings in fingers , which is also a promising area .
that 's what makes working on virtual reality so attractive to researchers - many things are in their very beginnings .
Rosbalt continues the project St. Petersburg Avant-garde , dedicated to residents who are ahead , in the avant-garde of culture and art .
this top list already includes outstanding figures of the art scene of St. Petersburg , whose achievements reach beyond the scope of the city , often recognized in Europe , bypassing fame in Russia .
the whole city knows Kirill Miller , a bearded man dressed all in red , who can be seen by the Russian Museum , or by the Summer Garden , or at fashionable parties and shows .
Kirill Miller is an outstanding man of the St. Petersburg avant-garde of the late 80 's early 90 's .
moreover , he is a city man , who makes people smile on the street and lifts up everyone 's spirit .
recently he took up the street organ and became St. Petersburg 's music man , because he was ready for this complex role with all his Bohemian existence , philosophy and image .
- Kirill , why do you walk around the city all in red , not yellow or turquoise , for example ?
then , the wave of older free , unofficial artists was gone , while new , free artists like me were not understood .
- And all this has been united in your Art-clinic ... - It was important for me to find myself in the centre of the culture of St. Petersburg , where all the best creative forces should come together .
in 1995 , I occupied the territory on Pushkinskaya-10 , and while the renovation work had not started , there was a musical and creative club , a Bohemian club , the house of the St. Petersburg Bohemia .
many were born there : nomy , Tequila Jazz , I remember when Shnur was brought there with the Van Gogh 's Ear project .
Shnur and his friends lip sang easy songs , wearing tight leotards , and the now trendy composer Igor Vdovin was with them .
in the new times , it is uncomfortable to work by old rules . I 'm a man of truth , honesty and culture of the last century .
in our time , it is easy to become popular , but culture and popularity are different . you can be popular , but not very cultural .
- Recently we saw you in the role of music man . - A cultural city should have such a character .
people used to get together in flocks , Bohemians liked one thing , the simple people , something else .
but 300 people will come for culture , not 10,000 . in the end , there 's less management , money , everything dies out .
in my youth , I painted such art that one collector had it hanging on the same wall with Falk and Larionov .
I am a man of yesterday 's culture . I grew up on examples of artists who lived poor and died in poverty , refused money for the sake of painting .
under the right rulers everything was different . kings may not have understood culture very well , but they understood that they needed to stick with the right experts .
here in St. Petersburg , there are people who could be experts , but they are pushed to the side , because more advanced experts are needed , who will correctly evaluate these experts and give way to them .
- St. Petersburg is not a cultural capital , Moscow has much more culture , there is bedrock there .
to save humanity , the question is how to propagate our race in conditions of weightlessness or on that replacement planet ?
" this was on bio-satellites , but again , it was a singular experiment and such research needs to be conducted , " says Vladimir Sychev .
" what 's more , it is dangerous even for orbital flights , " adds pilot and cosmonaut , Hero of the USSR , Hero of Russia , Valery Poliakov .
and yet , humanity needs to seek out some new avenues in biotechnologies , protection from radiation , creation of artificial gravity .
if for adults water is a foreign medium , although comfortable , for infants it is a native element .
there is a connection with the fact that an infant spends about 9 months in amniotic fluid in the womb ; it is easier to get used to water after that .
stomach and pelvic muscles usually quickly degenerate in weightlessness ; the ability to push out the embryo is reduced .
when a body does not feel the earth 's pull , it does not form the skeletal and muscular system .
it is not possible to dress a newborn in orbit into a special loading suit for training , as they do with adults .
however , with time , it will become reality , when earthlings will go to a faraway planet in their ships , and it will become the home for their offspring , who were born in space .
the Czech Republic has sound control bodies and a good standard of legislation when it comes to public contracts , but it lags behind in their application .
the Prime Minister recently claimed that the ODS will not be burdening business owners with its checks - so is it forbidden or allowed ?
at the audit committee 's session in the House of Deputies , you spoke about a joint project between the Czech Republic and Germany , within which legislation relating to public contracts in both countries was compared .
simply put , this is about how European legislation governs the handling of public contracts , followed by individual state legislations and then the actual practice itself .
this confirms that creating more and more concise rules is not enough , and that attention must be paid to the actual application of these laws .
economy means acquiring the required thing at a reasonable ( which does not always mean the lowest ) price , so that profiteering and possible criminal proceedings may be avoided .
the system might become overloaded with the amount of paperwork , and those , who wish to look for loopholes in it , will be able to take advantage far more easily than if the limits had remained higher .
powers are also similar to a degree , though of course Germany is organised federally , so these courts of auditors are also at the member state levels - in this respect their system slightly differs from our own .
public funds , which , for us , are administered by regional and municipal authorities , are audited by the federal courts of auditors there .
overall , I would not like to make a comparison without any specific data , nevertheless in certain respects Germany serves as an example , but it certainly cannot be said that it is better in every aspect .
if that were not the case , they would gain nothing from working with our office , would they ?
coming back to domestic legislation , what did the amendment to public contracts legislation mean for your office , is its impact being felt already ?
the period since the amendment came into force has been quite short , so it has not manifested itself in our audit work yet .
so do you see the adoption of this legislation as a benefit , or rather as another burden on the bureaucratic system ?
I believe this legislation is a step in the right direction , and I hope this will be confirmed .
a problem , which may arise here , is that the law becomes " too constrained " and will not be enforceable .
the system should prevent those who want to attack and abuse it , but not penalise those , who make a mistake on a technicality , which does not affect the final decision .
the Prime Minister recently said the ODS will not be burdening businessmen with audits of the so-called " Svarc System " - what does this mean ?
the Law must be set out one way or the other , and if it prohibits something , then even the Government 's head cannot prevent the work of its department , which is duty-bound to monitor and enforce .
he may say : " let us change this law and relax it , " but he cannot say we should pretend it is not there .
the law on public contracts has relatively strict rules about the formalities which must be adhered to - which is the right way to ensure public tenders are protected .
in the Carlsbad region , the roads have been usable this morning , though in some places they were icy and snowy .
the temperature has dropped to between five and ten degrees below zero , though it is expected to get warm slightly during the day .
caution is , of course , appropriate , for example , on certain bridges , where the surface can be icy and slippery .
on some roads in Eastern Bohemia , there might be a risk of black ice , at higher altitudes and in the mountains there might be a layer of compacted snow , according to the Road and Motorway Directorate .
the highway service is warning the drivers against black ice , which might occur at higher altitudes of the Pardubice region in particular .
black ice may occur around Lanskroun , Usti nad Orlici , Policky , Svitavy , and Vysoke Myto , and particularly on secondary and tertiary roads .
at higher altitudes , there is a compacted snow layer on the roads around Rychnov nad Kneznou and Trutnov .
the roads in the Pilsen region have been usable this morning , with extra care needed in some places . drivers should take the weather conditions into account .
the D5 motorway is drivable almost without restriction , but the road services recommend extra caution between the 80th and 131st kilometre marks .
it is a result of the chemical treatment carried out at Cervenohorkse sedlo and on the way to Videlsky Kriz .
snowploughs were brought out by falling snow overnight , the Sumperk region , according to highway maintenance , got around three centimetres of snow .
drivers should expect snow slush at Cervenohorske sedlo in the direction of Jesenik , " the dispatch officer for the Sumperk highway service told CTK today .
their Jesenik counterparts also made an outing overnight ; the roads all the way to the highest altitudes are now clear and wet following the chemical treatment , according to them .
the Olomouc region 's roads are usable without restriction , while in the area of Sternberk drivers should beware in wooded areas , where roads have remained wet .
since this morning , the snowploughs have reported several places , which are difficult to pass in northern Bohemia .
besides certain snow-covered places , or some icy frost patches , the mountain road from Telnice to Kninice in the Usti nad Labem region is also closed , according to the police database .
temperatures remain below zero and roads are likely to remain snowy and icy . in the lowlands , however , particularly southeast of the Central Bohemian Uplands , there are no problems and roads are mostly dry .
according to meteorologists the conditions for this were perfect - rain and melting snow during the day , with a clear night and freezing temperatures .
adverse conditions are expected on the main sections of the I / 13 road between the Usti nad Labem and Liberec regions .
the closure of the Telnice to Kninice road was caused by bent tree branches , which were weighed down to road level by snowfall .
we decided to make use of the marketing potential of the end of the Mayan calendar , due on the 21st of December at 11 : 10 a.m.
on the eve , the 20th of December , at 9pm , 3 concerts will take place in parallel in Prague , Brno , and Ostrava .
they will end at around the time when Kiribati Island in the Pacific , which is 12 hours ahead of us , reaches the end of the Mayan calendar .
initially it was probably my idea , later we worked all the details out with our designer , Honza Augusta .
the Tap Tap band , together with other artists , also recorded the so-called anthem against the end of the world , called " The End of the World is cancelled . "
the words were written and the role of Jesus in the video clip was played by Tomas Hanak , Xindl X also sings in it ...
we collaborate also with other personalities of the Czech cultural scene , due to organising a lot of fund-raising events and concerts ...
equipping the wheelchair-accessible educational Studeo centre , which is already in its sixth year , in collaboration with the citizens association Tap from the Jedlicka Institute for the disabled .
tutors come in regularly to spend time with the Jedlicka Institute 's students and run activities , which they enjoy and interest them .
the students themselves do not have the funds to afford tutors , so we try to provide this for them in this way .
within the construction project at the Jedlicka Institute , a separate building is planned , which we can move into with this project .
for example , in Prague , Chinaski , Support lesbiens , Illustratosphere with Dan Barta , The Tap Tap , Marian Bango and Jiri Suchy will appear .
in May , we will be making our first appearance in the Prague Spring , so we will definitely be preparing a good line-up with some interesting guests .
your international plans are not modest ; you have already performed , for instance , in Madrid , Brussels , London , and Moscow .
we have five members in electric wheelchairs , which must be transported in the luggage area ; we must also , of course , carry around with us a lot of luggage and instrument cases ...
nevertheless , we have so far managed it without any problems , CSA and British Airways were well prepared for us , so much so that , on occasion , I was quite surprised .
thanks to these international trips , you will have had a chance to compare specific accessibility issues , public attitudes to disability and so on .
after Madrid , Luxembourg , London and other places , where everything functions better than here , we have just witnessed that in the East everything is still in its beginnings .
fortunately , citizens associations are emerging there too that are trying to draw attention to the problems faced by people with disabilities .
it is important to mention that improvements to the current situation always depend on the efforts of the people who are affected .
in London and Madrid it is completely natural for people with serious handicaps to be independently out in public , and they can use the toilets , go to the museum , or wherever ...
it is less common there for large groups of people with disabilities to actively take part in social life , in this respect with The Tap Tap we are a step ahead !
public respect or accessibility is one thing , but it is only when we can become famous athletes , artists , actors , politicians , or lawyers that things will really begin to change .
the Tap Tap band is currently very popular , but let us look back a few years , what prompted you in 1998 to form it ?
I began my job as a tutor at the Jedlicka Institute , where I was surrounded by a lot of young people , who were interested in doing something .
since I am a musician myself - among others I play the saxophone - I started a music club with a colleague .
with time , as our moderator Ladya Angelovic says , it has grown a little out of our control ( laugh ) .
it is true that we have been helped by creating ties to famous singers and also by our proactive work on promoting the band .
it is logical in its own way ; all new things are taken in hesitantly and take a long time .
things , which are unique , are few and far between , but I would dare to claim that Tap Tap is one of those things .
a person 's first impression on seeing you is , of course , pity - it is a natural reaction ...
but that pity is simply wasted , because handicapped people are not abandoned and suffering beings , who need to be pitied .
they are people , who can fully live life and blossom , assuming , of course , that they have the right environment for it .
I say that when a person with a handicap succeeds in something , it is not just progress for them but for society as a whole .
if we want to achieve top class work , we must be uncompromising in many things and require a certain level of discipline .
that is how it works everywhere , with every group that wants to work and wants to achieve something .
the venues will be Praha INCHEBA , Brno Fleda , and Ostrava Plynojem with performances from 12 bands and other musicians from the Czech Republic .
all three cities will be joined by a televised link-up at the evening 's close for a united rendition of The Tap Tap 's anthem " The End of the World is cancelled "
admission fee to the concert is 400 CZK , children under 12 years of age go free , tickets on sale from Bohemiaticket .
I look back , for instance , to the lecture of A Sternfeld in Warsaw 's astronomy observatory , who , on the 6th of December 1933 , presented ideas on his pioneering work Entry into space .
the thoughts of the young engineer ( born 1905 ) left his audience cold , and years later Sternfeld remembered that only Dr. Jan Gadomski had shown an interest in his work .
in 1934 , for his work Entry into space , Sternfeld received the Robert Esnault-Pelterie and Andre Louis Hirsch prize in France .
the above mentioned Dr. Jan Gadomski ( 1899 - 1966 ) later became a strong promoter of astronomy and astronautics .
he published hundreds of articles in Polish journals , and wrote a series of books on these scientific subjects .
Gadomski became a world-known promoter of astronautics and his contribution was , notably , recognised when a crater on the far side of the Moon was named after him .
in 1925 , Poland had already built a handcar which was supposed to be fitted with a rocket engine .
it is not even clear , whether the rocket was intended to start the handcar or to slow it down .
the research was undertaken by the Weapons Technology Division in collaboration with Prof. Mieczyslaw Wolfke and Prof. Gustaw Mokrzycki .
immediately prior to the War , all projects for military use of rocket technologies were overseen by the Provisional Scientific Advisory Board ( Tymczasowy Komitet Doradczo-Naukowy ) that coordinated all the work .
the Board was appointed in 1937 , but after two years of activity their operations were ended by the start of the War .
the first reference to the company figures in the November issue of the magazine Problems in 1954 , in which four in-depth articles are on the subject of astronautics .
in one of these , by Prof. Subotowicz , the establishment of a company is proposed , which would dedicate itself to astronautics .
at the time , there were already projects underway for artificial satellites and it was clear that cosmic research was an emerging sector .
in the following year , the PTA 's first chairman , Kazimierz Zarankiewicz ( 1902 - 1959 ) was appointed Deputy Chairman for the International Astronautics Federation .
from 1956 , the PTA played a significant role in the successful development of meteorological rockets RM ( Rakieta Meteorologiczna ) , which became the first Polish rocket to enable scientific research .
the first RM-1 model was completed in 1957 and the first launch took place on the 10th of October 1958 .
the rocket , with a ceiling of 1800 metres , measured around 80 cm in length and weighed a little under 5 kg .
later , the improved RM-1A version was constructed and in the summer of 1959 launch tests were initiated for the two-stage RM-2 rocket in the Bledowsky Desert .
a further development model was designed for real scientific work - the RM-34 rocket was to reach 14.5 km and be tasked with monitoring high altitude winds .
three models were developed ( designated Meteor-1A , -1B , and -1C ) , which differed in the room available for scientific apparatus .
in the Meteor-1A rocket , a space of 0.4 litres was available , Meteor-1B had 0.34 litres , and Meteor-1C had 0.62 litres .
between 1965 and 1968 , the development of Meteor-2 was underway in the Aeronautics Institute , with its first launch tests in October 1970 .
the Meteor-2 rocket had a launch weight of 380 kg , and was capable of lifting a useful load of 10 kg to a height of around 60km .
Poland 's admission to COSPAR ( Committee for Space Research ) in 1960 should be mentioned , as well as the appointment of a national COSPAR board two years later .
Poland also participated in the Interkosmos space programme for space research on Soviet artificial satellites , and in 1978 , the Polish pilot Miroslaw Hermaszewski became the second intercosmonaut after Vladimir Remkov .
liberally oriented financial systems in the EU , just as those in the globalised world , are based on the principle of an unregulated economic competition .
its effect means that individual financial entities and national economic systems are in a state of permanent conflict among themselves .
the cause is the principle of free trade and free , completely unregulated movement of private capital together with uncontrolled financial speculation .
since private capital is not bound by social responsibility , and therefore also not by the unemployment it causes , the social costs born by the state must necessarily increase .
the whole situation is bolstered by the businessman 's complete unwillingness to pay taxes , which would alleviate the economical and social harm caused in the pursuit of profit .
in other words , governments stake their own citizens because of private capital while disregarding the drop in social standards .
the aim is to economically force the domestic population to accept prices dictated by private capital , especially in terms of salaries .
on one hand , this economic system of force , in case of long-term unemployment , on the other , restricted employee rights in the workplace .
in Germany there are already a host of food hand-out centres for the poor , who are not able to feed themselves on their own wages .
in the name of improving the competitiveness of the German economy , it commonly occurs that properly employed people receive such a salary that the State needs to top it up to the minimum wage .
liberal theory and the Media incessantly claim that the State may not participate with capital in its own economy , and that a controlled economy leads to economic ruin .
thereupon , we should ask ourselves whether private capital has no influence , or whether it actually leads politics and thereby the whole country , for its own selfish ends .
the result is a desperate situation manifesting itself through corruption , through mutual benefits and legislation , where almost everything is criminal , but nothing is punishable .
in Germany the situation is such that state ministries , through lack of financial resources , contract out the drafting of laws to private law firms , who are basically connected with industry .
real power does not come from the people as the Western-style constitutions claim , but from strong financial organisations that look after their own interests .
the conclusion , just as in antiquity , the current society is built on unscrupulous tendencies for personal gain without regard to the interests of society as a whole .
the outcome is now , as it was then , an unprecedented decadence of the elite with no attempts whatsoever on deeper reaching reforms .
the causality of the rise of the fascist and communist regimes should therefore be sought in the misguided liberalisation of the economic system in the 19th and 20th centuries .
the current state of affairs , when we consider the demise of those systems in favour of liberalised democracy as an interlude , can expect its next cycle .
under the pressure of economic competition , internationally as well as within Europe , the Government of the Czech Republic will be forced to pursue ways of lowering the population 's living standards .
" if my sons did not want war , there would be none , " said the dying Gutle Schnapper , wife of Mayer Amschel Rothschild in 1849 .
the latest wave of violence between Israel and the Gaza strip , as always , has sparked a lot of reaction .
what is not quite so apparent is whether these were the people , who had chosen their path independently , or whether behind their throne stood someone who directed their actions towards a pre-calculated goal .
their thirst for global power led in the years of 1859 - 1871 to the formulation of a three-world-war plan by the freemason leader of the 33rd degree , Albert Pike .
the method , which the group of wealthy families with the Rothschilds leading the way , employ is the instigation of crises , followed by the offering of a solution ( order ab chao - order from chaos ) .
these solutions are false , however , and always lead to a worse situation ( vide establishment of the Fed , so that the crisis of 1907 would not be repeated ) .
thus , having succeeded in assassinating Ferdinand , the Habsburg heir to the Austro-Hungarian throne , in Sarajevo thereby unleashing World War I , they destroyed tsarist Russia with the Bolshevik revolution .
the First World War ended abruptly , militarily and economically unsubstantiated , with German capitulation ( the war was no longer needed to destroy tsarist Russia ) and the central European powers of Austria-Hungary were subsequently dismantled .
the aforementioned Balfour Declaration formed the basis for the mass immigration of Jews to Palestine , where the first conflicts began with the local Arab population .
Israel was officially formed in 1948 , and just as the war reparations for World War II were layed on Germany , the announcement of the State of Israel became the third war 's hotbed .
here , we must differentiate between Israel 's general population and their leaders , because , just as it happens here , the international bankers introduce their own selection of candidates for people to vote for .
in what light stand the words , spoken by David Rockefeller in 1994 : " all we need is a major crisis and the nations will accept the New World Order . "
in November 1979 , a mob of Islamic student demonstrators took over the American embassy in Tehran and held 52 diplomats hostage .
they were to be released in exchange for the overthrown Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi , who fled after the revolution to the USA , which had actually supported his regime for several decades .
for the American administration the situation did not offer a positive solution - it could not throw the Shah overboard , because this would seriously jeopardise the trust of other allied countries .
the release of the hostages in Iran , where the revolution resulted in the establishment of the theocratic regime , could not be achieved .
the film Argo , directed by the actor Ben Affleck , recounts one episode in this story , which brought America a small victory .
for the story to be believed , the film project was reported on in specialist magazines , press conferences were organised , and the fictitious production company had a real office .
the details of the operation were , for a long time , kept secret ; the film draws on the memories of Tony Mendez .
then there are scenes from the CIA headquarters and other agencies - men in suits debating the situation around meeting tables , in office corridors , over the phone ...
the derided actor has become a respected director , and his acting is no longer the target of ironic comments .
it is also Affleck 's first picture , which does not take place in the director 's hometown of Boston .
the atmospheric feel in different locations is one of the characteristics , which took his earlier films above Hollywood standards .
a similar effect is achieved by Affleck and his team in the fictitious scenes ( the fake staff at the Tehran bazaar ) .
the director had to tackle the issue that the story being told does not offer many nail-biting scenes for the film .
ARGO 's weakness is its divergence , which comes from the need to show too many events in too many places .
Alan Arkin and John Goodman play their roles as the Hollywood assistants with great charm ; their characters deserve more room , and are not by far the only ones in this film .
Affleck 's film loses the dramatic pull a little , it is a film , which can be watched with reasonable interest , its production and retro-style are evocative of thrillers from the 70 's .
as a reminder of history 's particular ways and a testimony to how exaggerated the views are on the all-powerful all-controlling secret services , this will do .
among the latest nominated absurdities , for instance , is the recent decision by the European Court to unify insurance premiums for men and women .
the ban on the use of the term " spreadable butter " and the withdrawal of classic light bulbs from sale had previously come under criticism .
the European Commission defended itself , saying that it was only harmonising existing disjointed national standards , which complicated trading .
norms relating to fruit and vegetables have already been softened by the EU despite opposition from certain states , referring to the food waste caused by the existing directives .
one possible prize-winner in the poll may be the last year 's EU regulation according to which inflatable balloons must be sold with a warning that children under 8 years of age may not inflate them without parental supervision .
here , the EU pointed to an American research , which indicated that , among other toys , balloons are one of the main causes of child suffocation .
the Czech Republic thereafter exceeded , for instance , the permitted volume of mushroom preserves , which incurred a high penalty .
the poll 's organisers were also impressed by the idea of paying certain countries because they do not have a coastline , or the suggestion of allocating funding for a request for funding .
we are asking the European Union for a refund , " declared the minister for agriculture , back in autumn 2004 , Jaroslav Palas ( CSSD ) .
his argument was that there had been a good harvest of cereals , and due to the so-called buy-out interventions , the state 's warehouses were full and were forced to export .
the Czech Republic is further away from a port , so according to Palas the EU should be paying us hundreds of millions of Euros .
the European Commission finally met the CR halfway by organising a tender for the purchase of cereals from countries that do not have access to the sea .
funding to subsidise funding requests was offered to foreigners by the Ministry for Regional Development 's minister , Pavel Nemec ( US-DEU ) , specifically this was meant for making requests for funding from Brussels .
regulations may well become the target of criticism among member states , but the EU 's efforts at regulation , more effective operation , and development of the entire Union deserve recognition , according to a number of experts .
emotions flare among Czechs when , just as other countries in the Union , the CR must fight in Brussels for the right to particular labelling on its traditional products , in which it does not always succeed .
the appellation of rum can only be given to products distilled from cane sugar , and not sugar beet .
I cannot watch any longer the country having been robbed over the past twenty years , thieves roaming about there and people 's taxes and retirement age increasing .
when I see something I do not like , though , I try to find a solution to change things .
since I have already turned forty , and I am an independent non-party man , I have no other choice to influence things but to stand for senator or president .
I have been saying the entire time that I would fight for the Castle based on the results in the Senate 's elections .
my goal , though , is not the post , the post is a tool to allow my vision to be realised .
the Media add to this , misleading the public , and mistaking freedom of speech with freedom to lie .
you set out on your castle siege with a thesis on the material and criminal responsibilities of politics , and a retroactive financial disclosure of assets over twenty million .
as president , though , you do not have this power , and only the Senate as a whole may propose laws .
when I lobbied , as a citizen , for tour guide work to be a free trade , it was successfully carried through .
the problem is political squabbling - when someone comes with a good idea from the left or the right , it will be deliberately rejected , causing delays for the public .
as an independent non-party man , I stand a far better chance of gaining support from all parliamentary sides .
the advantage I hold is that without the political pigeonholing or dogmas I can take what is best for our country from any side , and apply it .
it is not about whether someone is from the left or right , I just want to bring people together .
I always support any good public solutions , even if they are put forward by the KSCM or the ODS , and , in the same way , I will oppose bad ideas .
some may call it populism , but all the proposals I speak about are already working elsewhere , or they have been put forward by experts .
or do you believe that if you walk among the public and talk with them , that you will succeed , say , in passing criminal and material responsibility ?
and , as the case may be , they would need to explain why they did not want this .
I have just started out in politics , and I am looking for a majority support for my agenda .
I will try to make things progress , but it if does not work out , in six years I will finish and return to the private sector .
I know that alone I will not achieve anything , so I have asked acquaintances , whether they would run for the senate .
so I , at least , support investigative journalist , Jana Lorencova , who uncovered fraudulent activity with light heating oil .
sixty percent of people did not go to vote , and those who did mostly voted for leaders of the establishment .
nonetheless , I will fight for my vision , for example , for the direct election of mayors or regional council presidents .
I have not considered it yet , because I have neither the time to verify that every party member has a clean background , nor the money to do it .
you say you want to change the Republic , but you are not keen on putting your own money into it .
the fact that I do not have any sponsors is evidence that there is no real interest in my programme .
however , I would not be able to live on it , for instance , I could not pay for my son 's English school , which costs 30 thousand a month .
the MVRDV architects prove that true adventures are not just in the head - drawing on the example of Spijkenisse and the recently erected Bücherberg ( literally " book mountain " ) - 2 photos
" I think the building is fun , looks futuristic and ultimately provides something interesting to look at , " said Lisette Verhaig , a passer-by at the road-side .
Spijkenisse , a sleepy town outside the gates of Rotterdam , which barely merits a visit , is a special record-holder .
and so the city fathers acknowledged that there was only one way to become master over the statistics : a library had to be built !
at the beginning of November , the Bücherberg was awarded second place in the " Best Library of NL 2012 " competition .
first and foremost , however , Spijkenisse now has its first public cultural building in the history of its existence .
there is in fact a lift that climbs through the centre of the mountain massif , however , the true joys of space and literature are revealed when scaling the topography on foot .
the interior of the Bücherberg is cleverly used : in the centre there are offices , an Internet library , a chess club , an environmental centre and the central technical support room .
one particularly special feature are the black book shelves , which simultaneously act as wall cladding , parapets and railings for the stairway .
" here we wanted to work with recyclable materials , " explained Joop Trouborst , Project Manager for the Municipality of Spijkenisse , on request of the Standard .
and thus one day we stumbled across a suitable waste product used in agriculture , on a Frisian farm .
for many years , millimetre-thick artificial fabric has been used in greenhouses and fields in the Netherlands as a base layer .
under heat and pressure , the so-called Landbouw plastic ( KLP ) changes colour to a dark , homogeneous and robust material , that smells like a mixture of new car smell and the smell of trainers .
at the end of the 500-meter-long journey , you are rewarded in the Literature Café , not only with a fantastic view of the city , but also with Dutch croquettes and potted ficus trees .
" you would hardly believe it , but this building , in spite of the many glass panels , is a showcase project in the area of ecology , " said Trouborst .
the broad , laminated wood glue beams positioned at right-angles to the glass facade , provide shade and absorb the majority of the sunlight .
so too has TCM-teacher , Cynthia Bogarde , who even refers to the Boekenberg as Spijkenisse 's " long overdue soul . "
this was , for the time being , to fill the optical gaps in the not yet fully stocked library - currently there are 70,000 items .
" I think that , thanks to our invitation , every resident now has a certain bond with this new building .
according to Stephen Szabo , Expert in US-European relations , in so doing Berlin is walking a thin diplomatic line .
Deutsche Welle : at the beginning of the week , Germany had initially signalled that it would vote against the Palestinians ' application for observer status within the United Nations .
during the uprising in Libya in March 2011 , Germany likewise abstained from voting , when it came to establishing a no-fly zone .
that is because it has just reorganised its foreign policy , indeed moving away from a policy that was , so to speak , managed by the USA , in favour of a German foreign policy .
it shows a willingness to adopt positions on international matters , which are independent of those of the USA or European partners .
I believe that the German foreign policy is motivated by the economic policy , that is , by export and its relations with certain regions such as Russia , China or the Near East .
Germany 's economic interests are to a certain extent different from those of the other major powers and therefore Germany must protect its interests .
have these economic interests had an influence on their attitude towards the Near East conflict and their voting in the UN ?
on the one hand , Germany has major revenue markets in the Near East , and particularly in the Gulf States .
therefore it must be careful not to affront the public , but also the elite in the Arabic countries .
however , I wouldn 't want to ascribe too much weight to this . this is not an entirely one-sided relationship .
has Germany damaged its relations with the USA , by abstaining to vote on important decisions , such as the vote on Palestine ?
after all , it signals that the country must be taken seriously as an international player and that its interests must be considered .
however , due to the political situation here , the government is naturally unable to voice this position publicly .
if you look at the relations between Obama and Prime Minister Netanjahu , Obama is really not quite so enthused by Netanjahu 's policies .
does Germany find it difficult to reconcile its close relations with Israel and the USA on the one hand , and the position of its most important partners in the EU on the other ?
thus they are unable to be part of a wider authority and must instead drive matters forward from their own position .
I believe that in the future Germany will take on a leading role in urging Europe towards a standardised European position .
this is , of course , no simple task for Germany , on account of its relations with Israel .
if we look at the Euro crisis for example , every time that Germany assumes a more prominent role , various anti-German feelings become apparent .
the influence of the USA over European politics is continually diminishing , yet the EU is currently not feeling this vacuum , so who is filling the gap ?
Stephen Szabo is associate director of the Transatlantic Academy in Washington , an institute in which academics and political experts from Europe and North America come together to research the challenges of the transatlantic community .
Szabo is also a member of the German Marshall Fund , in which he has specialised in German policy , US foreign policy and transatlantic relations .
behind this name hides a fully officially registered brand in China , however , one that has nothing whatsoever to do with the original companies .
German companies are also ' legally ' copied in this manner , such as manufacturer of sporting apparel , Puma .
on 14 September 2010 a Chinese company copyrighted the brand name Zegna DF Puma there , an alias that also helps itself to the name of fashion retailer Ermenegildo Zegna .
the financial losses and process costs of the affected branches amount into the millions , especially in the case of expensive flagship products .
however , the deletion of dubious entries in the trademark registry are difficult to achieve , and cost a pretty penny .
Pattloch reports of instances whereby the court dismisses cases , because after a long period of time , the name to which the objection is being raised has become a " market reality . "
if the complainant is unlucky , he may even have to pay the plagiarist money for having infringed on his trademark in China , said Pattloch .
in 2009 , Daimler lost a legal battle with the construction machinery manufacturer Sany , the company that recently acquired German concrete pump manufacturer Putzmeister .
Volvo-purchaser Geely originally used a blue and white logo that resembled the BMW logo ; the dispute was arbitrated and Geely was forced to change it .
fashion house Lacoste lost a suit in China against copycats from Hong Kong and Singapore , who were using the famous crocodile looking in the other direction .
the CTMO trademark office in Peking does acknowledge that there were bottlenecks in 2010 due to limited staffing and equipment .
in the past year , however , things reportedly " returned to normal following this emergency situation regarding the work flow . "
to appeal against an application costs many times this amount , as can be seen in the case of the German family business , Freudenberg .
this is something we missed ourselves , as family names cannot be protected in Germany , said Hanno Wentzler , Chairman of the Board of Management at Freudenberg Chemical Specialities in Munich .
in the next two instances , Freudenberg was proven right , however the opposing party continues to contest the matter to this day .
Wentzler is confident that the matter will be brought to a positive conclusion and praises the professionalism of the courts .
however , he also says : " the process is extremely expensive and takes a lot of time , money and nerves . "
five years ago Freudenberg unsuccessfully offered the opposing party a " high six-figure sum in euros " as settlement .
this is a business sector that the group had long vacated , yet nonetheless managed to prevent the registration .
it is not sufficient to rely on international trademark rights , rather foreigners should also register " everything " that is in any way worthy of protection in China as well , " said Wentzler .
in actual fact : if Freudenberg were to loose at the final hurdle of its trademark drama , they would probably have to pay the opposing party license fees for the use of their own name , explained Wentzler .
first of all , the stamping : cowboy boots , basketball shoes , ladies ' pumps and men 's loafers attempt to find the beat on the parquet floor , and quickly do just that .
only then do the voices of the singers slowly swell - alto , bass , tenor and soprano surge , beguile and haunt .
it is Monday evening and in the music room of the Institute for Medical Psychology in Heidelberg the imbongi Choir are practising a new song .
the fifteen singers , aging from 23 to 69 years old , range from human geneticists to the maintenance man .
this guarantees the child money for school , a school uniform and a warm meal each day in the Gogo Centre .
for almost ten years the choir has been practising songs in this foreign , ' soft ' language , and now and then they bring them back to where they originally came from : the South of Africa .
for an 8,733-kilometre flight away from Heidelberg , in the north west of the Swaziland Kingdom , lies the village of Esitjeni , which relies on the vocal power of the German choir .
around 2,000 people live there , some still in simple mud and straw huts , and the majority of them are children .
more than forty percent of people in the Swaziland carry the immunodeficiency virus , and dying in you mid-thirties is by no means rare .
initially it was the private commitment of individuals to send a child to school and enable him / her to have one warm meal a day for a few euros per year .
the Robert Koch Institute understands that at least four in five of all syphilis cases reported in Germany are transmitted by means of sexual contact between men .
the spread of HIV among heterosexual adults in this country is relatively low ; however , around 20 percent of newly contracted cases of HIV are found in this group .
according to European surveys , three quarters of all infections affect young people between the ages of 15 and 25 .
according to the Robert Koch Institute , the number of syphilis infections has more than doubled from 1,697 cases in 2001 , to 3,698 cases in 2011 .
the infectious diseases can cause ulcers in the genital area , discomfort when urinating , discharge , lower abdominal pain and blisters or warts .
this is because occasionally , the pathogens of sexually transmitted diseases can also be passed on via smear infections and close bodily contact .
through sponsorships donations and by no means least the funds that the choir raises across the whole of Germany , the money all adds up .
" in total , we have already sent around 200,000 euros to Esitjeni , " said Annette Lennartz , Chairperson of the association .
in the village itself , Zodwa Dlamini , a self-assured and assertive woman , manages the money from Germany .
some of them have up to 14 orphans living with them , providing them with a roof over their heads and making sure that the children get to their school classes punctually every day , in their school uniforms .
this is nothing to be taken for granted , as is clearly the attitude towards illness throughout the entire country , the best way of keeping things under wraps is if people are dead .
" AIDS is an absolute taboo subject , " said Annette Lennartz , " because it is associated with sexuality . "
the last absolute monarch of sub-Saharan Africa , King Mswati III . , is known for his excessive lifestyle .
a bus full of white people , who sing songs in a black language - this degree of recognition brings not only morale and joy , but some grim-faced border soldiers even shed a few tears .
even though you can barely find the small village on a map , it is more than well-known in the valley of the Ezulweni River .
although the planet lies closest to the sun , it does have frozen water - as shown in three studies published on Thursday in specialist magazine " Science . "
the Messenger probe has found evidence that there is an ice cover in the region of the planet that lies permanently in shadow .
however , no-one is linking the discovery of ice with the existence of life on the planet , said Chief Scientist for the Messenger probe , Sean Solomon .
that said , the findings could help explain how water and other building blocks of life reached other regions of the solar system .
unknown to the majority of the Earth 's inhabitants , there are probes , telescopes and small robots such as the Phoenix , deployed to research the depths of the universe .
like Pluto , which orbits around the sun behind Neptune , Ceres is not a planet according to the new definition of the term issued by the International Astronomical Union in 2006 .
this star-forming region - rather unromantically named W5 by scientists - was discovered by the Spitzer telescope in the Cassiopeia constellation , at a distance of 6,500 light years away .
in the huge Trifid Nebula , 5,400 light years away from the Earth , new stars are created from gas and dust .
the Pleiades star cluster , also referred to as " The Seven Sisters , " can be seen with the bare eye at night .
perhaps they are the remnants of a moon of Saturn , which disappeared without a trace 4.5 billion years ago .
the photograph published by the European Southern Observatory shows the Trifid Nebula in the Sagittarius constellation , several thousand light years away .
the name Trifid stems from the Latin word trifidus ( divided into three parts ) , as dark stripes of dust divide the core of the birthplace of stars into three parts .
in the Ophiuchus constellation , astronomers have photographed the signs of a cosmic collision : 400 million light years from the earth , the cores of two merging galaxies move rapidly towards one another , destined to collide .
the photo taken by the Hubble space telescope shows a section of the Iris Nebula in the Cepheus constellation .
likewise , this star cloud , connected to the Rosette Nebula , continually produces new baby stars - 5000 light years away from the Earth .
researchers presume that it only came into being shortly after the Big Bang , when the universe was comprised primarily of hydrogen .
the telescope is thought to have been invented in 1608 by Hans Lipperhey - even before Galileo Galilei used the device to observe the stars one year later .
since then , the mirrors in optical telescopes have become increasingly large and the insights that they provide increasingly profound .
for a period of 30 years , namely from 1947 until 1975 , the Hale telescope in the Palomar Observatory near San Diego was the largest telescope in the world .
the inner workings of the Gran Telescopio Canarias on the Canarian island of La Palma are huge - the mirror alone has a diameter of 10.4 metres .
this - in spite of its comparatively low mirror diameter - even matches that of the world 's largest reflector telescopes .
with the help of a radio telescope in Arecibo ( Puerto Rico ) researchers can listen for extraterrestrial signals in space .
in the " Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence " ( SETI ) every computer owner can be of assistance , by making his / her processing capacity available .
likewise to be located at the ESO Observatory in Chile , the European Extremely Large Telescope is also being planned .
until 2007 , the two Keck telescopes at the Hawaiian volcano , Mauna Kea , were the largest in the world .
the Keck telescopes are part of the Mauna Kea Observatory , which alongside the Keck telescopes , can look to the heavens with the help of the Subaru telescope and the IRTTF .
another huge new telescope is also to be built on the Mauna Kea , with a mirror diameter of thirty metres .
since March 2009 the Kepler space telescope has been searching for extra-solar planets , especially for any that may be inhabitable .
the James Webb Space Telescope ( JWST ) will be launched into space on board an Ariane5 rocket by 2018 at the earliest .
one of the telescope 's tasks is to search for light from the first stars and galaxies that emerged after the Big Bang .
however , there is no reliable data in support of this as the Messenger orbits around the planets much closer to the north pole .
thanks to the Messenger probe that was launched in 2004 , the first to orbit Mercury , scientists can now be certain .
however , this is the deep south of Azerbaijan , and the border with Iran is just a few kilometres away .
this is the home of the Caucasian people group , the Talysh , of whom not much is known except that they speak perfect Persian and Azeri and live long lives .
the small town is bursting with overpowering architecture from Soviet times , which doesn 't fit with the picturesque mountain landscape at all .
tourists from Europe rarely come here ; the journey from Azerbaijan 's capital city , Baku , is too arduous .
it takes eight hours to travel the 323 kilometres , as too much of the route is just a single track .
the fabulous wealth , for which the country has its oil in the Caspian Sea to thank , has not yet arrives here in the province .
yet Pilata Fatulayeva ( 48 ) is convinced that Lerik has what it takes to be a tourist attraction .
" Baku became famous in May due to the Eurovision Song Contest , and next year we are having a festival to celebrate the oldest people in the world , " said Fatulayeva .
she is the Director of the Museum of Longevity , most likely the only of its kind in the world .
here the lives of eight dozen Talysh from the area who lived to older than 100 are documented . Fatulayeva points out a black & white photo .
the man married three times and had 23 children , and is said to have fathered another daughter at the age of 136 .
due to lacking documentation , however , there is no scientific proof of age , particularly as there are no birth registers .
or is it the traditional way of life that keeps the people young ? in Cengemiran , a tiny settlement not far from the town of Lerik , lives Rubaba Mirzayeva .
eight people live here under this roof , including one of Mirzayeva 's sons and a daughter , both of whom have been grandparents for some time .
in the kitchen , tea is prepared for the guests , which is served in typical , bulging Armadu glasses .
Mirzayeva 's white teeth stand in perfect rank and file , beneath her headscarf she conceals long , dark blond plaits , which her son proudly reveals for us .
I have always washed my hair with milk , and it has never fallen out or lost its colour .
she has only ever eaten what she could get from her own farm - tomatoes , potatoes , peas .
Mirzayeva receives 230 Manat ( around the same sum in euros ) per month as her pension , which in a local context is an amount on which one can live comfortably .
and perhaps Mirzayeva 's long greying son is right : " the elderly enjoy a deep respect in our culture . "
his speech was aimed at the entire population , however in particular at the Coptic Christians , the liberals , enlightened Muslims and secularists .
however , Egyptians - and the world - are not entirely sure what the 61-year-old engineer who holds a Doctorate from the American University of Southern California , really wants to save .
in actual fact , the 234 articles , which have been pushed through by the Islamic-dominated 110-person Constituent Assembly , are in some aspects cause for concern .
as was also the case under previous constitutions , under the draft judicature is justified on the " principles of Islamic law . "
this was and remains subject to interpretation and there is concern that the Islamists will make use of the woolly formulation and the resulting room for legal manoeuvre in favour of a stricter interpretation of Sharia law .
this can , but does not necessarily have to mean that the clergy will oversee legislation , which would result in the de facto incapacitation of the judiciary .
from a legal perspective , this is formulated in such an unclear manner that state institutions could even use this article to control the content of cinematic art and literature .
tens of thousands gathered on Friday evening at the Tahrir Square in Cairo , in unfamiliar unity , and pledged to bring down the charter before it has even come into effect .
" the revolution is back and we are going to be victorious , " said Hamdin Sabbahi , third place candidate in the presidential elections .
noble Peace Prize winner and former Head of the International Atomic Energy Authority , Mohamed El-Baradei explained that the constitutional draft belongs " on the rubbish tip of history . "
via SMS service Twitter , he accused Mursi 's followers of wanting to lead " a coup against democracy . "
" if he calls for the referendum , we will go to his palace and overthrow him , " said member of the opposition Jasser Said .
" we have not yet grown tired , the blood of our brothers has not yet been atoned for , " stated the Egyptian media , quoting opposition politician Chaled Ali .
they demanded of Mursi : " cleanse the country ! " and protested : " the Koran is our constitution . "
a struggle for control over the symbolic Tahrir Square , where everything began , would have most likely provoked events verging on civil war .
the Muslim Brothers stated that both those against and those in favour of the constitutional draft had expressed themselves loud and clear .
now is the time to let the population decide at the ballot box , in which direction the country should move forward .
Hafez Abu Saeda is furious about this forced constitutive process , which actually should have lasted until February and should have involved all social interest groups .
" and now the term human rights does not even appear once in the new constitution , " he bemoaned in a discussion with " Welt am Sonntag . "
these measures are blatant breaches of the ground rules of democracy and will guide Egypt into a new dictatorship .
Saeda feels abandoned , even by the international community , which is observing the battle over the ideological direction on the Nile with a mixture of curiosity and excitement .
one demonstrator at the Tahrir warned : " you are letting loose a monster that you can no longer control . "
Norway 's five million people enjoy one of the highest standards of living , not just in Europe , but in the world .
could the secret of the country 's success be connected to the local appetite for some exceedingly smelly fish ?
rakfisk is trout sprinkled with salt and fermented in water for - depending on how smelly you like your fish - up to a year .
as the dark sets in and the weather turns cold , Norwegians flock to a festival here in Fagernes devoted to this most , well , captivating of foods .
" you eat it raw , and then swallow a glass of aquavit , " says Havard Halvarsen , full-time local firefighter but also the so-called " Rakfisk General , " in charge of running the festival .
if you can avoid passing it under your nose , it is not bad - not unlike a slice of sushi that has been on rather a long bus journey .
rakfisk is a product of very different , poverty-stricken times in Norway when , pre-refrigeration , fish was soaked in airtight barrels of water and salt in autumn .
then in the depths of winter , well and truly fermented , it is taken out and - no doubt with the senses knocked out by alcohol - eaten .
now the population is expanding fast - more than 13 % are immigrants , attracted by plentiful jobs , high wages and a comprehensive care system .
people from Sweden , the old rival and not so long ago far richer than Norway , stream in to work .
but then everything is expensive - a small glass of beer or a sandwich knock you back £ 9 ( $ 14 ) each .
Norway does not often make it on to the global news agenda - and most seem to like it that way .
people here are still loath to mention by name Anders Breivik , the right-wing , racist extremist who gunned down and killed 77 men , women and children last year .
Norwegians find it very difficult to believe that in their peace-loving country one of their own was capable of such brutality and murder .
Norway has handled its oil wealth very carefully - all but a small percentage of money from the industry is invested in a special fund for the benefit of future generations .
when everyone else was throwing around money they did not have , in the years leading up to the global financial crash , Norway kept its purse strings tightly bound .
" as long as we can ski in winter and go hiking in summer we are happy , " says Anna .
the hotel I am staying in is one of a number of venues hosting a rakfisk dinner where guests vote on the best - or perhaps the most nasally challenging - fish .
there is a live TV link up to a compere in a bow tie surrounded by plates of rakfisk .
a congested city at the best of times , a ring of steel has been erected since Monday cutting off several key routes into the capital and causing chaos on the roads .
the aim , however , wasn 't to stop commuters getting to work but prevent protesters from reaching parliament .
on Saturday , Mexico 's new president Enrique Pena Nieto will receive the presidential sash and take over the running of the nation .
" my government has a great commitment to the Mexican people to reduce the violence , " Mr Pena Nieto told US President Barack Obama in the Oval Office earlier this week .
before rubbing shoulders with the US president , Mr Pena Nieto 's previous political experience was as governor of his home state , the State of Mexico .
a populous , sprawling state surrounding the capital , opinions about the new leader are divided in his old stomping ground .
to reach the town you can drive along one of Mr Pena Nieto 's new motorways , a vast improvement on the cracked and bumpy roads it replaced .
plaques bearing his name also hang outside a modern sports centre and an impressive interactive museum about climate change .
" we are looking to him to bring about real and lasting change , " says friend and political ally Gabriel Olvera Hernandez , a state congressman for Mr Pena Nieto 's party , the PRI .
particularly in terms of security and the economy , we 're hoping for an interesting and true change which our country so badly needs .
but on the other side of the state , that is not the impression many people have of their former governor .
earlier this year , the military was called in to help tackle the drug gangs operating in the neighbourhoods , and violence against women is particularly acute .
on a patch of wasteland by a vast landfill site , the bodies of dozens of murdered women have been dumped over the past two years alone .
more than 1,000 women were killed in Mexico State while Mr Pena Nieto was governor , a rate much higher than in the notoriously violent city of Ciudad Juarez - a place synonymous with the murder of innocent women .
Mr Pena Nieto 's critics say , at best , he failed to adequately address the problem of femicide while he was in office .
as her mother recounts the story , a picture of Mariana looks down from the walls , next to a cross bearing a single word : justice .
" but that can 't be right when there were so many irregularities and omissions , " she says .
tens of thousands of families have been affected by violent crime in Mexico over the past six years and the new president has promised to make them a priority during his time in office .
" I hope he 's the same kind of president as he was a governor , " says PRI Congressman Olvera in Valle del Bravo .
when Fein asked about the forms Friday , Manning acknowledged that he rated treatment by his guards as " excellent " and treatment by the facility overall as " very professional . "
manning responded that he would verbally express concern about issues and that the visiting officers would talk through the concerns and indicate that they would be addressed , but they didn 't record the issues .
the judge , Army Col. Denise Lind , also asked Manning why he didn 't complain about his treatment during a January 2011 meeting with a board examining the suicidal thoughts he expressed in a form months earlier .
manning replied that his intention during that meeting was to get his " prevention of injury " status downgraded .
the military said they put him on this restrictive status -- a step below suicide watch -- for his protection and the safety of others .
" I wanted staff to know I was fine , and ( I wanted to ) get off the POI status ... to enjoy an increased quality of life from my viewpoint , " Manning said .
once at Quantico , Manning said , he spend most days in a small cell -- at least 21 hours and often more than 23 hours -- with no company .
he said he tried to keep moving , because sleeping during the day or even lying down was against the rules .
if guards could not see his face when he rolled over at night , he said they would wake him to roll back over .
manning had testified that he was never given a chance to cover himself with his blanket during the head count .
manning testified Thursday that he was forced to sleep naked the previous night because of his attempt to show an officer that he wasn 't a danger to himself .
manning said that he told the officer that he could have used the waistband of his underwear or his flip-flops to hurt himself but hadn 't done so .
the defense has said it plans to have Manning plead guilty to lesser offenses and fight other charges as being too extreme .
the hearing is scheduled to resume this weekend , with prosecutors expected to argue that the detention conditions were warranted .
counts against Manning include aiding the enemy , wrongfully causing intelligence to be published on the Internet , transmitting national defense information and theft of public property or records .
on a recent trip to Mexico City , I had barely made my way down the concourse and arrived at the immigration processing area when I got stumped .
I thought about that moment this week when Mexican president-elect Enrique Pena Nieto visited the White House to meet with President Obama .
pena Nieto was also eager to talk about the growth of the Mexican economy , which is one reason that Mexicans are now just as likely to stay in Mexico as venture to the United States .
he wants to partner with the United States and Canada , and create a European Union-style trading bloc in North America .
and Pena Nieto vowed to continue Mexico 's war against the drug cartels , even though he offered no specifics .
most Americans probably never give a thought to the fact that , in 1848 , the United States invaded Mexico and forced its leaders to sign over half their territory at the point of rifle .
Mexico has winners and losers , people for whom the country provides opportunities and others for whom it doesn 't .
besides , we 're aware that many of the elite Mexicans in the ruling class don 't like us .
and we wouldn 't now find ourselves trapped behind the silk curtain , living well in the United States but lost souls nonetheless .
now , to complicate the relationship even further , as I learned during my trip , some Mexican leaders and parts of the intelligentsia want to reconnect with the Diaspora .
they want to put Mexican-Americans to work as makeshift " ambassadors " for Mexico , representing its interest in the United States .
we would tell our fellow Americans what a great country this is to visit and pressure political leaders to strengthen ties with Mexico .
and , with income inequality and rampant corruption and drug violence , many of us are not so sure that it is a great country .
the leaders of Hamas , the Islamist movement that has ruled Gaza since 2007 , will claim to have forced the Israelis to back off , even though Gaza has taken a drubbing .
despite killing some of its leaders and bottling up Gaza 's 1.7m people in one of the most wretched and crowded corners of the planet , Israel has failed to destroy Hamas .
indeed Hamas is gaining on the West Bank , the other bit of Palestine currently run by its bitter rivals in Fatah , the more moderate Palestinian faction .
Turkey , a resurgent regional power that was once Israel 's closest Muslim ally , has taken up Hamas 's cause ; so has Qatar , one of the richest and most dynamic of the Gulf states .
above all , on Israel 's southern flank , the rise of the Muslim Brotherhood under President Muhammad Morsi in Egypt , by far the most populous and pivotal of Arab countries , has changed the region 's balance .
Israel 's Iron Dome anti-missile system has proved its worth and many of Hamas 's missiles have been destroyed .
in diplomatic terms , America is as steadfast as ever ; many European countries also blamed Hamas for starting the latest round of violence .
above all , Israel has prospered , especially under Binyamin Netanyahu , a prime minister who has largely ignored the peace process .
Mr Netanyahu , whose Likud party has merged with an even more hawkish lot under Avigdor Lieberman in the run-up to an election on January 22nd , is sitting pretty .
if they really ran the West Bank , would they not fire rockets , just as their compatriots have done in Gaza ?
even if the Islamists taking power in Egypt and elsewhere have little love for Israel , their priority will be tackling difficulties at home .
repression is already undermining democracy in the Jewish state , and demography exacerbates this as the Arab population swells .
the answer remains the one trumpeted by sensible people on both sides , most of the outside world and this newspaper : two states , with Israel ceding territory for security .
the hope - a small one in the short term - is that the ceasefire will give a little more leverage to outsiders pushing that cause .
that would do more to create a Palestinian state than the imminent bid for virtual statehood at the UN .
apart from the varying health warnings and images the only difference between the packs , mandatory from Saturday , are the brand names , and these are all printed in identical small font .
Australia 's federal government says the aim is to deter young people from smoking by stripping the habit of glamour .
while Australia has one of the world 's lowest smoking rates and the changes will have little impact on multinationals ' profits , other countries are considering similar steps .
counterfeiters from China and Indonesia will bring lots more of these products down to sell on the streets of Australia .
the potential hitch , experts say , is the popularity of social media with the very demographic the plan is targeting .
after a series of Australian laws banning TV advertising and sports sponsorship and requiring most sellers to hide cigarettes from view , tobacco marketing has moved online .
Freeman noted an increase in " average Joe " reviews of brands on social media sites such as YouTube , Twitter and Facebook .
James Yu , who runs the King of the Pack tobacconist in central Sydney , said the uniform packaging made it harder to stack his shelves
" it used to take me an hour to unload a delivery , now it takes me four hours , " Yu said .
I spent five unexpected hours in an airport this Thanksgiving holiday when our plane had mechanical difficulties and we had to wait for another plane to arrive .
half a day in an airport waiting for a flight is pretty tedious , even with the distractions of books , magazines and iPhones ( not to mention duty-free shopping ) .
it 's all right for us - and our children - to be bored on occasion , they say .
and because most of us are almost consistently plugged into one screen or another these days , we don 't experience the benefits of boredom .
the trouble is that it has been defined , and discussed , in many different ways , said John D. Eastwood , an associate professor of psychology at York University in Ontario , Canada .
what separates boredom from apathy , he said , is that the person is not engaged but wants to be .
the core experience of boredom , he said , is " disruption of the attention process , associated with a low mood and a sense that time is passing slowly . "
but Professor Eastwood said that while they can be related , people who are bored tend to see the problem as the environment or the world , while people who are depressed see the problem as themselves .
some groups heard a loud and unrelated television program in the next room , others heard it at a low level so it was barely noticeable , while the third group didn 't hear the soundtrack at all .
the ones who heard the low-level TV reported more boredom than the other two groups - they had difficulty concentrating but were not sure why , and attributed that difficulty to boredom .
on the other hand , when you 're doing something dull , " such as looking for bad widgets on a factory line , distracting music can help you not be bored . "
we all experience boredom at some points - my flight delay , a droning speaker , a particularly tedious movie .
Professor Larson said he did not know whether the boredom percentages now , 21 years later , would be higher or lower .
but he said he did know that " adolescence is a peak period for boredom , " largely because children and teenagers are not given a lot of control over what they want to do .
sometimes no , because in its extreme it can lead people to take absurd physical risks , gamble or indulge in substance abuse as a way to ease it , research shows .
on the other hand , many philosophers and writers discuss the connection between boredom and creativity , said Professor Vodanovich , who has been studying the issue for more than two decades .
" boredom is the brain 's way to tell you you should be doing something else , " said Gary Marcus , a professor of psychology at N.Y.U.
if you 're bored and use that energy to play guitar and cook , it will make you happy .
but if you watch TV , it may make you happy in the short term , but not in the long term .
so if your child is bored and you give him an iPad , he may not be bored anymore , but he hasn 't learned how to entertain himself , or self regulate , Professor Fenske said .
what people are really searching for , he said , is a way to unplug and enjoy down time .
Mr. Orozco said that one day in September he and a few friends were driving in Lamar , on the plains near the Kansas border , when they were pulled over .
after the police officer found marijuana in the car , Mr. Orozco was issued a summons for possession and drug paraphernalia - petty offenses that each carry a $ 100 fine - and given a court date .
in the uncertain weeks after Colorado 's vote to legalize small amounts of marijuana for recreational use , the answer in hundreds of minor drug cases depends less on the law than on location .
police departments have stopped charging adults 21 years and older for small-scale possession that will be legally sanctioned once the laws take effect in the coming weeks .
but prosecutors in more conservative precincts in Colorado have vowed to press ahead with existing marijuana cases and are still citing people for possession .
at the same time , several towns from the Denver suburbs to the Western mountains are voting to block new , state-licensed retail marijuana shops from opening in their communities .
" this thing is evolving so quickly that I don 't know what 's going to happen next , " said Daniel J. Oates , the police chief in Aurora , just east of Denver .
and they are looking for guidance on how to set up a system of licenses for production , manufacturing , distribution and sales - all by a deadline of Dec. 1 , 2013 .
they say that Colorado , for better or worse , is ahead of most states in regulating marijuana , first for medical use and now recreationally .
chief Oates said that the police would enforce city codes regulating medical marijuana growers , and that they would still pursue drug traffickers and dealers .
" our office has an obligation to prosecute offenses that were crimes at the time they occurred , " Mr. Buck said in a statement .
the response has been complicated even in places like rural Mesa County , where voters rejected the marijuana initiative .
the police in Grand Junction , the county 's largest city , are no longer citing adults for possession of small amounts .
the county 's district attorney , Pete Hautzinger , supported that decision , but also decided not to dismiss all of the pending possession cases .
" I do not think I 'm wasting my time continuing to enforce the law until it changes , " he said .
although 55 percent of Colorado voters supported the measure , bringing recreational marijuana into the folds of government and the legal system was never going to be simple .
and the contradictory reactions across the state lay bare a deep ambivalence among local officials about the state 's big green experiment .
" it 's a cultural barrier " with district attorneys , said Sean McAllister , a Denver lawyer who represents marijuana defendants and is a local spokesman for the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws .
" they spent so much of their lives prosecuting people that they still don 't really accept that this is legal , " he said .
as the first states to treat small amounts of marijuana like alcohol , Colorado and Washington are poised to become national test cases for drug legalization .
as advocates and state officials plan for a new frontier of legalized sales , they are also anxiously awaiting direction from the federal government , which still plans to treat the sale and cultivation of marijuana as federal crimes .
despite some high-profile arrests of medical marijuana patients and sellers , the federal government has mostly allowed medical marijuana businesses to operate in Colorado , Washington and 16 other states .
last week , the western city of Montrose took up a six-month ban , and is likely to pass it next week .
" we don 't want to be put in a position where we license somebody and then have a big federal issue , " said Bob Nicholson , a City Council member .
both my father and my elder brother had been at what I imagined was the world 's greatest seat of learning , a modern-day wine-blushed Greek symposium encouraging the dual pillars of civilisation , free thinking and tolerance .
yet , within two weeks of taking up my place at Worcester College in the late Eighties to read history , I 'd packed my bags , precipitating the first scandal of my life .
the Evening Standard diary claimed I 'd quit because I objected to fellow undergraduates having sex in the room next to mine .
the writer A N Wilson announced waggishly that I 'd departed because I was forced to drink out of chipped mugs .
not on account of my rather outré name , or the fact that I came from a private school .
such is the institutionalised and increasing hatred of Tory students at Oxford that last week a group of them demanded the same equal-rights protection as gays , disabled people and ethnic minorities .
conservative members of Corpus Christi College 's junior common room ( JCR ) claim they are " often actively isolated , personally attacked and made to feel unwelcome " because of their political views .
they want to create a post on the college 's equal opportunities committee to ensure that their opinions can be aired freely .
their situation wasn 't helped by a recent BBC Two documentary , Wonderland : young , Bright and on the Right , about student politics , which portrayed Tories as oddballs and neo-Nazis .
it featured graduate Joe Cooke , former president of the Oxford University Conservative Association ( OUCA ) , travelling in a Rolls-Royce , sporting a silver suit and silver-topped cane .
at other universities , Conservative students say they are being treated as " scapegoats " for the introduction of higher tuition fees . "
Luke Black , 20 , vice-president of Nottingham University Conservative Association , told a Sunday newspaper that " there is a growing Left-wing bias at universities .
" this poses a threat to the atmosphere of intellectual discussion , as well as to the welfare of members , " she says .
I was to find that the dons not only connived in the taunting of Tory undergraduates but took part with relish .
the politics of the miners " strike , privatisation and the government 's opposition to sanctions against apartheid South Africa were brought into the wood-panelled rooms of the tutorial .
" miss Wyatt , " said the don , Harry Pitt ( now deceased ) , " please translate the first paragraph . "
" I suggest you take some basic French lessons in your spare time - that is , if you 're not too busy socialising , " Pitt snarled .
at dinner in college that evening I sat by myself ; then I felt a light tap on my shoulder .
it 's bad enough for me , but they know your father is close to Margaret Thatcher , so it will be worse for you .
a first year PPE student , who , ironically , had been to Eton , said : " you 're the daughter of a fascist pig . "
the only openly Tory don was Norman Stone , Professor of Modern History , who was based at my college .
he was hated for being not only a Conservative but a foreign policy adviser to Thatcher and one of her speech writers .
he loathed the place as provincial and petty , and for its adherence to the Marxist-determinist view of history .
I began commuting from Oxford to my parents " house in London , finding refuge with my more open-minded metropolitan friends and family .
during a tutorial the following week , when another history don had suggested , in complete seriousness , that I was an " enemy of the people , " I decided to do the same .
inwardly blushing with shame , I admitted to being " brainwashed by my parents " and called them " old fools . "
even more tragic is that it was Oxford , which not only produced 14 Tory prime ministers , but , to this day , hides behind an ill-deserved reputation for equality and freedom of thought .
on the occasion of the " Valentino : master of Couture , " an exhibition that opened this week in London , ABC speaks with Naty Abascal , Fiona Thyssen-Bornemisza and other of the Italian designer 's famous clients .
Somerset House , former home of Queen Elizabeth I of England , is the only place in the British capital worthy of hosting a Valentino Garavani exhibition .
during the inauguration of " Valentino : master of Couture , " the designer acknowledged a retrospective apotheosis that brings together over 130 couture gowns created by his fashion house over the past 50 years .
this exhibition is the culmination of a story whose only protagonist is " signore " Garavani , although it could not have been written without his distinguished clients .
Valentino exhibits these personal memories as if they were trophies of his social ascent from humble couturier in Voghera , northern Italy , to idol of the international jet-set .
in the ' 60s and ' 70s , we both lived in the Alps and were good friends .
many years ago , after a fashion show in Piazza di Spagna in Rome , we went for dinner at his flat .
you could see and feel his " spirit " in every detail of the flat and its decor , the food and the music .
" all the guests were made to feel important and loved " recalls the top model , who started working with him during Haute Couture Week Paris , in 1995 .
in this crowd of mannequins , names stand out such as Sibilla of Luxembourg , Gloria von Thurn und Taxis , Mette-Marit of Norway , Rosario of Bulgaria and Sofia of Habsburg .
many of these clients say your first Valentino is like your first love , " impossible to forget . "
it was a pair of trousers , a shirt , a " gilet " waistcoat and jacket from the 1971-1972 autumn-winter collection .
" it was a gift he gave me " says Naty Abascal , one of the designer 's muses .
" I prefer him to other designers because of his femininity , his great love of women , and because he enhances our beauty " added the former Duchess of Feria .
I love the colours he uses , they really stand out and " lend themselves " to your face .
as a teenager living in Italy , I dreamed of reaching the age when I 'd have the chance to wear one of his evening gowns ...
I bought my first Valentino dress to wear at a party in the castle belonging to my cousin , Prince Edouard de Ligne .
it was a red dress , with a frilly skirt , draped " corsage " and a strapless neckline .
" Valentino is indifferent to fashion , his obsession is timeless " says this Italian aristocrat who lives between Paris , New York and Buenos Aires .
Princess D 'Arenberg looks after her couturier gowns with " the utmost care ... because a dress not just a dress , it 's also the many memories that go with it . "
the " grand finale " of the Somerset House exhibition is Marie-Chantal Miller 's wedding dress from her marriage to Paul of Greece in 1995 .
according to journalist Suzy Menkes , the leading authority of the specialist press , that dress represents a high fashion milestone of the late 20th century , " the return of high society clients . "
" I 've always been struck by his refined and calm manner , and his neat and perfect appearance " acknowledges D 'Arenberg .
for four euros , the Indonesian volcano porters risk life and limb carrying 70 kilos of sulphur along steep stone paths .
this is the case of Anto Wijaya , one of the 400 miners who make their living taking sulphur from the Kawah Ijen volcano , east of the Indonesian island of Java .
to do so , he has to descend every day to the bottom of the crater , where the sulphurous gas emanating from the bowels of the earth solidifies on contact with air .
after breaking off large sulphur rocks , which in total can weigh up to 70 kilos , he carries them in two bamboo baskets on his shoulders along the steep stone paths .
they know that one slip could cost them their lives , as happened to a French tourist who plunged to her death a few years ago on the hazardous Kawah Ijen cliffs .
this is PT Ngrimbi Candi , a company which , since 1960 , has been exploiting the volcano , and quite literally its workers , whom it pays 662 rupees ( 5 euro cents ) per kilo of sulphur .
" we generally carry 70 kilos , so we get about 46,000 rupees ( 3.8 euros ) a trip " explains Anto , who usually make three trips a day .
each one takes three hours and you end up exhausted , but it means he gets 138,000 rupees ( 11.5 euros ) at the end of the day .
although it seems a pittance for such an inhuman effort , it is three times what he would earn in the field .
he has asthma , he has difficulty breathing , coughs constantly and his eyes are irritated by the toxic gases from the volcano .
" I 'll go on working two more years because I want to open a shop or study Spanish or French " he vows in more than acceptable English .
punished for life , this pleasant , intelligent young man could be a tour guide , waiter or hotel receptionist , but instead he does the work of a mule .
defying the shadows , Anto descends the crater and lights the path with a small torch attached to the helmet he bought with his money .
" this work is for animals , not people " protests Madrusin , a burly 42-year porter who has been working at Kawah Ijen for three decades , since leaving school .
balancing the basket on his back , Unainik can only carry 50 kilos now he is 53 years old .
" I won 't retire , I 'll die here because the volcano has been my whole life " says Unainik , opening a mouth full of gaps where teeth use to be .
time passes , but poverty perpetuates from generation to generation in one of the hardest jobs in the world : the one done by human mules in the Kawah Ijen volcano .
it may seem unlikely that these verses are part of an advert for mint sweets , but in spite of this - or perhaps because of it - the video went viral on YouTube in Singapore earlier this year .
the phrases are part of a rap and make use of local references such as " Let 's put a bao ( bun ) in the oven " to make fun of the birth rate in Singapore .
its creative director , Douglas Hamilton , says he wanted to use the power of music to make people perform their " national duty . "
we are the world 's worst at reproducing our own progeny , so we felt it was an issue we had to address .
we knew the Government had tried many things , like launching perfumes with pheromones or organising speed dating evenings .
a government package for marriages and parents grants up to USD 15,000 per child , extends maternity leave and distributes tax benefits .
the birth rate in Singapore , according to its national population division , currently stands at 1.2 children per woman .
" this has given people a wider range of options in terms of life goals and priorities , beyond getting married and starting a family " he explains .
these changes in social norms have contributed to increasing numbers of people who are single , and delaying marriage and births , which has resulted in a decrease in the birth rate in Singapore .
meanwhile , an EU immigration policy aimed at dramatically increasing immigration to cope with the population decline has created resentment among the local population .
in Singapore , there are websites where xenophobia against many new immigrants is widespread and thinly disguised , especially the Chinese who are criticised for keeping wages low and not integrating .
increased immigration is also seen as one of the reasons why , last year , the Singapore ruling party experienced its worst election result since independence .
while a fall in the birth rate has known effects on a nation 's economic growth , tax revenues , healthcare costs and immigration policies , in Singapore 's case there are also some unexpected consequences .
its urban development authority has started to control the number of small apartments , known as " shoe boxes , " which can be built in certain areas of the city .
however , there is concern that they may promote a single-living lifestyle and discourage developers who want to build large family houses .
however , he admits that the new regulations give clearer guidance to developers , who previously had obstacles put in their way if they provided for too many small units in a project .
although these new rules may be a step towards increasing the national birth rate , when talking to Singaporeans working in the central financial district , it seems they will not have much impact .
men and women alike mention their careers , stress and the cost of property and education as the reasons preventing them from having children .
so , much as the Government is trying to encourage its citizens to have children , when it comes to babies , the Singaporeans have the last word .
according to the Spanish Royal Academy Dictionary , it means the quality of private life or " the level of privacy which a person is entitled to protect from any interference . "
do they understand the dangers they are exposed to by airing information over the Internet which they probably would not share offline ?
" they are very secret secrets , I 'll tell my mother , but not everybody " he says .
" I wouldn 't share a photo that isn 't mine , or that belongs to somebody who 's doing something stupid " he says .
the child recognises that it is bad to post obscene pictures of naked people , crimes , or write humiliating or aggressive comments .
" social networking is fun , I can talk quickly to relatives far away or my friends " he says .
this teenager has accounts with Hotmail , Facebook , My Space and Ask , and in the last case he admits not knowing 20 of the people added to his friends list .
" it doesn 't bother me , because we have something in common , like music " he says .
the boy says that no-one has suggested anything to him or asked him for his home address or phone number .
" if they pressured me or asked me for it , I 'd just delete them from my account " he states .
I would do it if I didn 't like somebody , or they made me want to do it .
Marielos Porras , an English teacher with a degree in Education and Learning , believes that to guide children and teenagers , they should understand that the purpose of social media is to inform .
Porras says the scholar Marc Prensky , with a Master 's degree in Education from Yale University and author of the work Digital Natives , Digital Immigrants , coined these terms to explain the phenomenon .
" we are the digital immigrants who have to teach them , when we are still in fact learning " he says .
" they also have to be selective when what matters most is to be popular and have thousands of friends , without thinking of the consequences " he adds .
according to the specialist , the most effective way to teach children and teenagers what privacy is , is through questions that make them think .
Porras then lists some options : there are things you wouldn 't tell a stranger , so why do it online ?
" outside the Internet , people act with respect , morality and other principles , so they should act the same way on social networks " he says .
by understanding all the clauses , they have solid grounds to talk to their children about the implications of opening an online account .
according to Guardia , it is important to remind children the " don 't talk to strangers " lesson .
the Sixth Presidential Summit of the South American Union of Nations ( Unasur ) concluded today in Peru without making public the Lima Declaration , previously announced and theoretically signed by the seven attendee leaders .
when asked about the text , they pointed out that the content had been disclosed by Peruvian President , Ollanta Humala , during a brief statement to the press .
the little information that circulated among reporters was given by the press spokesmen of some of the UNASUR governments attending the meeting , but not the Peruvian Government .
the only document released during the summit was the list of attending presidents , which angered hundreds of journalists from various national and international media , who asked for more details .
the Peruvian President then sent an email to the media with the " final statement " of the summit , but this was Humala 's statement , and not the official document that closed the summit .
last October , Peru hosted the Third Summit of South American-Arab Countries ( ASPA ) , and this time , despite repeated requests from the press , the previously announced Lima Declaration was again not made public .
at both international events , the Peruvian authorities were at pains to ensure that there were broadcasting systems assured for all the journalists , but limited the obtaining of information to a maximum .
the summit also concluded with the joint commitment of Chile and Peru to accept a ruling by the Hague Court to adjudicate a border dispute between the two countries .
" we will obey and execute the order that currently defines the differences we are bringing before this international court " said Humala , together with his Chilean counterpart .
Paraguay , which was suspended by UNASUR in 2011 after the dismissal of former President Fernando Lugo , was not involved in the meeting .
host President Ollanta Humala was responsible for opening the session in the morning and closing the summit , just after noon in Lima .
the President read the final document which reported that 16 agreements were adopted and the action plans laid down for 31 projects between the South American countries , for a total of 17 billion dollars of investments .
among the resolutions adopted , it was mentioned that UNASUR countries will take " important steps toward the goal of a South American citizenship , for which residence agreements are being extended . "
with Europe in crisis , " economic consolidation ( in Latin America ) should not have a triumphalist attitude but should serve to expand its productive matrix and glimpse a better future for its people " Humala added .
the need for Latin America to remain a prosperous , peaceful and integrated nation , with good neighbourly relations , was another issue highlighted by the summit .
" the day after tomorrow ( Saturday ) I might have a meeting with President Daniel Ortega " Santos said .
" we will review all these paths , [ which ] are not exclusive , and the treaty with Nicaragua will require a conversation with Nicaragua " he emphasised .
" with President Ortega , I hope I can say that we handle this in the most civilised and respectful manner possible " said Santos .
also , as part of the summit , the bloc 's foreign defence ministers met in advance to approve the 2013 Action Plan , which seeks to strengthen dialogue and consensus on defence in the region .
Argentina , Bolivia , Colombia , Ecuador , Peru , Brazil , Uruguay , Venezuela , Chile , Guyana , Surinam and Paraguay make up UNASUR , although the latter is currently suspended .
the President of Ecuador , Rafael Correa , said today that the creation of a common citizenship is a goal that " South America , in this case , must learn from Europe . "
to this end , he defended the project to establish South American citizenship encouraged by member countries of UNASUR .
" it is incomprehensible that the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights is in Washington under US funding " he said referring to Ecuador giving political asylum to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange .
Correa said he does not regret that decision because with it he has not betrayed his principles , but has respected his " deep democratic and human rights values . "
" I have not spoken to him since he was at our embassy , but the ambassador informed me that he had a minor lung problem , nothing serious " said the Ecuadorian President .
what there is , is the danger that his physical and mental health may deteriorate due to being locked in a small space without any outdoor exercise .
we do not negotiate with human rights , we do not use that word in this case , but there have been ongoing discussions .
Correa took the opportunity to reassert himself as a defender of freedom of the press and stated that what he does not tolerate is " the mediocrity , dishonesty and lies that undermine the freedom of expression . "
personally , I 've never been interested in power , but in situations as unjust as those in Ecuador , socio-economic poverty can only be corrected by political power .
" my political movement believed that it was me who ensured that probable victory , so we have to accept that responsibility " he said .
if I won , it would be my last period in office and then I would leave public life .
I just spoke with Venezuelan Vice President Nicolás Maduro and he tells me that Chavez went for treatment that was already planned , routine treatment , and it was expected he would win the campaign and return to Cuba .
" it was like a bomb dropped on me " he says , recalling the time of the announcement , which the doctor was trying to make " softer , " apparently unsuccessfully .
he decided to care for his illness alone and began to learn about it ; thanks to his efforts he has just celebrated his 43rd birthday .
he is undoubtedly one of the oldest patients in the HIV Unit of the Guadalajara Civil Hospital ( Chg ) , where he arrived in 1994 after several battles with his health .
then , even the director of an IMSS [ Mexican Social Security Institute ] clinic refused to discharge him " because he had a cut . "
to gauge this progress , it should be remembered that the average life expectancy of Mexicans today is 76 years .
" if I 'm going to die , I 'd rather have a blow-out three times a week " they say , but not in my case .
the gaps between health programmes and ordinary citizens are huge , said Ricardo Salazar , a journalist from Guadalajara who has taken up the HIV cause .
it was decided to change such inefficient allocation , and that condoms should not only be placed behind counters , but that packets of one hundred should be found in public toilet dispensers in places frequented by young people .
it is not about paying for their beers or motel fees , as Governor Emilio Gonzalez said , when asked if there would be distribution of condoms during his administration .
" and it 's not about sexuality , but it is best to provide condoms to those already practising sexual activity " he said .
the state is 4th in the nation in new and cumulative cases of AIDS and 13th in HIV .
an estimated 50,000 people may be living with HIV , as for each registered case there are around 4-5 people who do not know they are positive .
it seems , then , that the proceedings in support of survival of firms permit Mexican law are not valid in the land of stars and stripes , contrary to international conventions .
however , the decision opens the door for the leading glass manufacturer in Mexico to appeal to the Supreme Court of the United States , claiming three inconsistencies .
indeed , the UN Model Law for International Trade Law Uniformity was created for this purpose , with the American Law Institute positioned as arbitrator .
there are half a dozen examples , including Agremex and Commercial Mexicana , whose intercompany debts were endorsed by the Federal Bankruptcy Institute .
from another perspective , the latter blames Vitro for the difficult situation it has faced since 2008 , while trying to avoid the severe economic crisis faced by the United States , turning its back on the country .
should this fail , an appeal for review by a higher court , in this case the US Supreme Court , will be filed .
the proceedings headed by Carlos Diaz Chavez Morineau has just filed a criminal complaint against the National Banking and Securities Commission , which is accused of obstructing justice .
as you know , we are talking about a huge sales and distribution centre in Mexico , Central America and the Caribbean , selling Chinese products , with a residential area at the bottom for employees of 150 companies .
previously , Canacintra had managed to unite the governors of the southeast of Mexico to oppose the monumental building that destroyed part of a protected area and represents the mother of all threats to industry .
as you know , the action was taken even though the Senate had ruled out the possibility , deeming it an infringement of freedom of expression on social networks .
in effort to repay long-term debt without affecting short-term debt , the housing developer Homex is placing securities exchange certificates on the market for 500 million pesos .
few people in Puerto Rico have a mental recollection of local basketball history as broad as that of Héctor " Hetin " Reyes .
the walls of his house are almost totally decorated with pictures and memorabilia denoting his long career , which goes to prove it .
" those were my best years , the ones I enjoyed the most because I had the opportunity to be part of the Vaqueros ' eight championships , since 1967 , either as agent , co-agent or manager .
I remember that Gene Bartow , who had directed here and was at the University of Alabama ( Birmingham ) , said to me ' I 've got a very strong player for you , 6 ' 7 " tall .
Bartow then recommended the Sharpshooter Gausse Raymond , who established residency here and was one of our best shooters .
then came the 1990 World Cup , where we came fourth and it should have been bronze , but for the Canadian referee who made us repeat the final play for the second time , said Reyes .
it 's one of the best , as good as the one that beat the Dream Team in the 2004 Olympics .
a team that maybe was not the best in terms of members , but which gave us a gold medal and was a great joy to work with , was the 1995 Pre-Olympic team in Neuquen , Argentina .
we had a very good team , including Julio Toro , Flor Melendez , Carlos Morales , Raymond Dalmau , Armandito Torres .
having been part of the National Team 's most glorious era between 1988 and 1995 and in the early 90s the BSN had up to 17 teams in a season .
for example , the boys of Ponce only play in their area and only get to face teams from other parts of the island in the national playoffs .
at least I see the fruit of compulsory certifications and a course for leaders , table officials and referees .
the most I do is listen to music , watch music videos from my era on YouTube , enjoy my grandchildren and occasionally go to basketball games .
and of course , enjoy the company of my wife , Elizabeth , who has always been with me .
Larry Hagman , whose role as oil tycoon predator JR Ewing in the television series " Dallas " became a symbol of greed in the 1980s , has died .
" Larry was back in his beloved hometown of Dallas , once again representing the iconic role he most liked " the family said .
Linda Gray , who played his wife in the original series and the sequel , was with Hagman when he died in a hospital in Dallas , said her publicist , Jeffrey Lane .
Hagman was diagnosed with cirrhosis of the liver in 1992 and admitted that he had drunk a lot over the years .
years before " Dallas , " Hagman became famous on television as a decent guy in the light comedy " I Dream of Jeannie , " aired on NBC from 1965 to 1970 .
he played Captain Tony Nelson , an astronaut whose life is changed when he meets an attractive genie , played by Barbara Eden , and takes her home to live with him .
he also starred in two sitcoms that were not aired for long , " The Good Life " ( NBC , 1971-72 ) and " Here We Go Again " ( ABC , 1973 ) .
his film work included roles well received by critics in " The Group , " " Harry and Tonto " and " Primary Colors . "
but it was his masterful interpretation of delightfully detestable JR that led to Hagman reaching his peak of stardom .
the drama series on CBS about the Ewing clan and other characters in their orbit aired from April 1978 to May 1991 .
Jr got her pregnant then threatened to say she was a prostitute unless she left town , but there were others who also had reasons to attack him .
Victoria Principal , co-star of the original series , recalled Hagman on Friday as someone " huge , on and off screen . "
he is unforgettable and irreplaceable , for millions of fans around the world , and in the hearts of each one of us who was fortunate enough to know and love him .
ten episodes of the new edition of " Dallas " were broadcast a few months ago with great success for TNT .
he had already finished recording five episodes for the second series and a sixth was in process , the chain reported .
immediately after , there was no statement from Warner or TNT about how the series would handle the loss of Hagman .
Hagman , born in Fort Worth , Texas , was the son of actress and singer Mary Martin , who starred in classics such as " South Pacific " and " Peter Pan . "
he tried his luck in the New York theatre scene in the early ' 50s , and later served in the Air Force from 1952 to 1956 , in England .
the couple had two sons , Preston and Heidi , and lived for a long time in the Californian city Malibu , home to many celebrities .
in 2001 , he called his memoirs " Hello Darlin ' : tall ( and Absolutely True ) Tales About My Life . "
" I didn 't put anything in it that I believed would hurt anyone or affect them in any way " he told Associated Press at the time .
after his liver transplant , he became an organ donation promoter and worked as a volunteer at a hospital , helping fearful patients .
" I advise them , encourage them , meet with them when they come for their surgery , and afterwards " he said in 1996 .
I try to offer some comfort , such as " Don 't be afraid , it will be a little uncomfortable for a short time , but then you 'll be fine . "
" I didn 't realise this was going to be the most apocalyptic term ever " said charmé this week to students at Rutgers-Camden University ( New Jersey ) .
if you look at what has been happening in the world today as if we were at 30 days and counting , this has been a really good period .
and he is not the only professor who offers courses on the " end of the world " this term , theoretically the last in history .
" we looked at why these ideas proliferate over time " he said , and how they offer hypothetical scenarios that guide human behaviour .
" I 've tried to inform students about what is possible , probable , credible and impossible " said vacker .
at Penn State , the final exam will be taken on the eve of the Apocalypse , which leaves students no choice but to work " until the very night the world is supposed to end " said Restall .
we received emails for weeks and weeks before the start of the term , from people asking if there were any places .
" I find it fascinating to see what people do to console themselves " said Bridgid Robinson , a 23-year-old post-graduate Religion and Sociology student from Haddonfield , New Jersey , at Rutgers-Camden .
will Wekesa , a 25-year-old post-graduate Psychology and Nursing student , said he had seen all the apocalyptic movies .
" our first project was about the Mayan prophecy and to a certain extent we discredited it " said Julie Zeglen , a 21-year-old final year student at Temple , from West Chester .
but he said that Western culture suffers from apocalyptic anxiety , which goes back several centuries , in which people react to changes around them by predicting the end of the world .
" the Philippines are not taking part in the end of the world " he wrote , suggesting an exception of a higher authority .

" at the time , the Town Hall traffic lights were installed because this was a school route , " explained Eckert yesterday .
we have the museum , two churches , the spa gardens , the bus stop , a doctor 's practice and a bank , not to mention the traffic from the ' Grub ' residential area .
" at times of high road and pedestrian traffic , an additional set of lights were required to ensure safety , " said Eckert .
" according to current measurements , around 12,000 vehicles travel through the town of Gutach on the B33 on a daily basis , of which heavy goods traffic accounts for around ten per cent , " emphasised Arnold .
a total of four road safety inspections were carried out and a roundabout was also considered , however , this idea was rejected on account of the narrowness of the Sulzbachweg / Kirchstrasse junctions .
the traffic light system itself , which cost around EUR 15,000 , is the " most modern system that is currently available on the market , " explained Arnold .
and they are also energy-efficient : the older light systems consume around 100 Watts , with the new ones consuming just eight .
if the pedestrian presses the button at the traffic lights , the top radar sensor checks the traffic status .
" if a group of people or if disabled persons are crossing the street , the green phase is extended , thus ensuring that everyone gets safely across the street , " explained Arnold .
yesterday this was not the case : the light had barely turned green for pedestrians when a luxury vehicle sped through on a red light .
on the predominantly empty stage - with one important requirement : a crumpled sofa , on which cast members allude to copulating and masturbating - the eight-person ensemble work their way through the text material .
the 70-minute performance glosses over the script with a host of director 's additions , well-known from the repertoire of post-dramatic theatrical styles .
only towards the end does the highly charged performance start to wind down , and we see flashes of Winkler 's somewhat absurd sense of humour .
as America 's road planners struggle to find the cash to mend a crumbling highway system , many are beginning to see a solution in a little black box that fits neatly by the dashboard of your car .
they are exploring how , over the next decade , they can move to a system in which drivers pay per mile of road they roll over .
thousands of motorists have already taken the black boxes , some of which have GPS monitoring , for a test drive .
the push comes as the country 's Highway Trust Fund , financed with taxes Americans pay at the gas pump , is broke .
" the gas tax is just not sustainable , " said Lee Munnich , a transportation policy expert at the University of Minnesota .
it is no surprise that the idea appeals to urban liberals , as the taxes could be rigged to change driving patterns in ways that could help reduce congestion and greenhouse gases , for example .
but Rep. Bill Shuster ( R-Pa . ) , chairman of the House Transportation Committee , has said he , too , sees it as the most viable long-term alternative .
" this is not just a tax going into a black hole , " said Adrian Moore , vice president of policy at Reason .
the movement is also bolstered by two former U.S. Transportation secretaries , who in a 2011 report urged Congress to move in the pay-per-mile direction .
the U.S. Senate approved a $ 90-million pilot project last year that would have involved about 10,000 cars .
but the House leadership killed the proposal , acting on concerns of rural lawmakers representing constituents whose daily lives often involve logging lots of miles to get to work or into town .
and the I-95 Coalition , which includes 17 state transportation departments along the Eastern Seaboard ( including Maryland , Pennsylvania , Virginia and Florida ) , is studying how they could go about implementing the change .
in Nevada , where about 50 volunteers ' cars were equipped with the devices not long ago , drivers were uneasy about the government being able to monitor their every move .
" concerns about Big Brother and those sorts of things were a major problem , " said Alauddin Khan , who directs strategic and performance management at the Nevada Department of Transportation .
there is no need to build an enormous , unwieldy technological infrastructure that will inevitably be expanded to keep records of individuals ' everyday comings and goings .
it was seeking to break into an emerging market in auto insurance , in which drivers would pay based on their mileage .
but the devices it is testing appeal to highway planners because they don 't use GPS and deliver a limited amount of information , uploaded periodically by modem .
" people will be more willing to do this if you do not track their speed and you do not track their location , " said Ryan Morrison , chief executive of True Mileage .
" motorists would be attracted to participate because of the value of the benefits it offers to them , " says a city planning document .
some transportation planners , though , wonder if all the talk about paying by the mile is just a giant distraction .
at the Metropolitan Transportation Commission in the San Francisco Bay Area , officials say Congress could very simply deal with the bankrupt Highway Trust Fund by raising gas taxes .
" there is no need for radical surgery when all you need to do is take an aspirin , " said Randy Rentschler , the commission 's director of legislation and public affairs .
if we do this , hundreds of millions of drivers will be concerned about their privacy and a host of other things .
two fire fighters equipped with respiratory gear prepared to enter the building following the initial inspection of the situation by Hans Kammerer .
for Hans Kammerer , the exercise was also a chance to show what can be achieved with just a few available staff .
" education is an important factor for the location , " highlighted Claudia Stehle , Director of the Hans Thoma School , which introduced the networked Hochschwarzwald Education Centre Schools Project .
since 2011 , there has been successful collaboration in Wälderstadt between the Support Centre , the District Grammar School and the Vocational School Complex .
he also stated that an increasing number of employed persons are looking after the long-term care and support of relatives .
" without support from their employer , the resulting burden placed on employees could result in the termination of the employment contract , " said Wolf .
for it is only if a sufficient number of educational places can be provided that the need for skilled workers can be covered .
in addition to this , on his train journey from Titisee-Neustadt to Freiburg , he experienced first-hand the efforts already undertaken to develop public transport .
" you must continue to be tenacious and make sure that local public transport becomes even better , " he explained in the address given to the local politicians in attendance .
it was 15 years ago that the Kaul family first invited the Dietingen senior citizens for coffee and cake , followed by a snack .
according to Alexander Misok of the Bräunlingen Municipal Planning and Building Control Authority , the ongoing procedure plans to involve the Regional Memorial Authority in the planning stage and to draw up a renovation concept for the old wall .
a cost calculation is to be performed by a team of professionals , which will then be submitted to the Town Council , which will make a decision and determine the ongoing procedure .
deep cracks in a number of individual stones testify to the weather damage , however , at present the wall is not in danger of collapse .
the school yard renovation was originally planned back in 2008 / 2009 , however , high unplanned expenses meant that the work had to be pushed back .
the Regional Memorial Authority will have a major say in the historic school wall renovation , which has even been used for filming .
if this authority were to impose requirements , then the town of Bräunlingen would hope to receive subsidies from the monument preservationists .
the pupils of the Bräunlingen Primary School , who are now being taught in a well renovated old school building , with a new hall , will soon be able to use the old school yard as well .
" I do not think it is right to abandon comprehensive training in the Stuttgart Music College , " said Özdemir , speaking to the " Stuttgarter Nachrichten . "
as such , Özdemir , who is the favourite in Stuttgart for a direct mandate in the parliamentary elections on 22 September , is in disagreement with the Green-Red State Government .
on the basis of an expert study , this government is urging the reorganisation of the five music colleges in Baden-Wuerttemberg .
in accordance with these plans , the jazz and pop courses , among others , are to be relocated from the Stuttgart Music College to the Mannheim Music College .
three suspects were detained in relation to the discovery , with eight tonnes of marijuana and almost 150 kilograms of cocaine seized .
due to the elaborate configuration of the tunnel , investigators are working on the assumption that it was build by architects and engineers and that the construction took around one year .
since 2006 , eight tunnels of this type have been discovered , the press conference in San Diego continued .
town Musical Director , Rudolf Barth , has composed a commissioned piece for the town on the occasion of the anniversary , which will be performed on three dates .
the new chronicle is to be presented on 21 or 22 November in the new Festival Hall in Geisingen .
the town of Geisingen was first officially documented in the year 764 , in a deed of donation , which is now in the possession of the St. Gallen Monastery .
the deed was drawn up in Kirchen ( Hausen ) , which at the time was the location of the courthouse .
one reason for choosing 2014 to celebrate the 1,250-year anniversary in this way , is that it also coincides with the 40th anniversary of the Community Reform ( Gemeindereform ) .
should the " Am Hirschen " railway crossing be reconstructed at great cost , in order to increase traffic safety ?
in particular , safety at railway crossings is to be increased - collisions between trains and other vehicles frequently occur at these across the country .
larger vehicles , for example those that transport long logs , would be able to wait there in the event of oncoming traffic , without having to block the railway line .
Mayor Thomas Haas retorted : the " Hirschen " railway crossing is used regularly for the transportation of long logs .
furthermore , when the Hauptstrasse is blocked , the route would also serve as a bypass for those vehicles that are not permitted to use the tunnel , argued Haas .
the councillors agreed to have an investigation conducted as to what costs the planned widening of the road would incur .
because both the transportation of wood and turning are both possible as things are , the reconstruction of the railway crossing should not be consented to , argued Haas .
the trains themselves , coming from the central station , must also be sufficiently slowed down so that there is no threat of collision .
for their " Cosmic Vision " programme , they are looking for ideas for two major space projects , which should greatly advance research .
at the beginning of September , the elite in the field of European space research met in Paris to discuss proposals for such missions .
in total , four main questions were chosen by the ESA , to which the missions of the " Cosmic Vision " programme , initiated in 2007 , are to find the answers .
the precise processes for the formation of stars from large gas clouds - and thus the formation of the planets that orbit these stars - lie in proverbial darkness .
in order to pursue this question , the " Cheops " space telescope is to be launched in 2017 , with which 500 known planetary systems in proximity to us will be investigated in greater detail .
with larger instruments , astronomers could map planets similar to Earth and even analyse the composition of their atmospheres , and thus search for " biomarkers " : gases that serve as an indicator for biological activity .
the magnetic activity of a star , the interaction of its magnetic field and the emitted particle radiation play an important role .
it is possible to investigate these processes in our solar system , to serve as an example to be applied elsewhere .
with the " Solar Orbiter , " the ESA has already approved an M-class mission ( for which the budget stands at around half a million Euro ) to address this matter .
they want to find our what role the giant planet has played in the development of the solar system .
the " Juice " ( Jupiter Icy Moons Explorer ) probe is planned to begin its journey in 2022 .
outer space offers many possibilities for studying substances under extreme conditions and thus examining whether the laws of nature , as known to us , are still valid there .
there may also be deviations that could show physicians the path to a new theory , under the umbrella of which all known natural laws could be united .
thus far , researchers know neither which physical laws applied in the initial moments after the Big Bang , nor what dark matter and dark energy consist of .
with a special telescope , the probe is to examine the distribution of material in the universe across the entire sky , thus enabling conclusions to be drawn regarding the properties of dark matter and dark energy .
many physicians perceive this to entail changes in the structure of space-time , which Albert Einstein predicted almost 100 years ago .
unlike systems on Earth , it could also prove gravitational waves created during the Big Bang , and thus provide fresh knowledge regarding the origin of the cosmos .
among others , proposals that have already been ruled out include proposals for bringing samples back from Mars , conducting research on the moon , Venus and asteroids , as well as proposals in the area of solar physics .
German MP Hans-Christian Ströbele on Thursday met Mr Snowden in Russia , where he has been granted asylum , to discuss him testifying in Germany .
in the letter , Mr Snowden said he believed the support of the international community could persuade the US government to abandon criminal charges against him .
relations between the US and Germany have come under strain following claims that the NSA bugged Chancellor Angela 's Merkel 's phone .
Mr Ströbele said that , according to the former NSA contractor 's lawyer , Mr Snowden would not be able to return to Russia if he left .
if Mr Snowden testified in Germany he would need assurances that he would be " safe " there , the MP said .
the letter extends an offer to cooperate with German authorities " when the difficulties of this humanitarian situation have been resolved . "
the new carry-on fee is for bags in the overhead bin , so small bags under the seat will still be free .
frontier said it will charge $ 25 if the fee is paid in advance , $ 100 if travelers wait to pay until they 're at the gate .
it 's about Frontier 's most loyal customers making it very clear that finding overhead bin space has become increasingly difficult .
that means one passenger in line at a Frontier gate might get to bring a bag on for free , while the next person in line might owe $ 100 for a similar bag .
o 'Malley said Frontier 's website and check-in procedures are being changed to make sure passengers know about the fee before they get to the gate .
they argue that luggage costs money to handle , and passengers who want the service should pay for it .
spirit Airlines Inc. started the first carry-on fee three years ago , and fellow discounter Allegiant Air later followed .
the only other airline with such a fee is Hungary 's Wizz Air , said airline consultant Jay Sorensen , who closely tracks add-on fees .
Sorensen , a former executive with Midwest Airlines , flew Spirit recently and wondered what he 'd find at the gate as passengers encountered Spirit 's unusual carry-on bag fee .
frontier said passengers who get soda or juice can keep the whole can , and it will give coffee refills for free .
us Airways briefly tried charging for beverages in 2008 but backed down seven months later after passengers complained and no other major airline followed .
frontier 's move to charge the carry-on fee if passengers don 't buy direct from the airline is its latest effort to steer customers toward its own website .
that has given all airlines an incentive to steer passengers to buy directly from them instead of going through an online travel agency .
in September it began giving half as many frequent flier miles to customers who bought through an online travel agency .
revenue dropped 9 percent and its flying capacity shrank almost 13 percent in the first quarter , according to financial results released Wednesday by corporate parent Republic Airways Holdings Inc .
at least 40 women attended the last women 's breakfast of the year , in the Evangelical Parish of Bisingen .
the theme of the day in the parish hall was " Sayings from the Bible " and " Expressions from the Middle Ages . "
Zita Köhler , the Chairperson of the Parish Council , agreed to give a talk on Biblical proverbs after breakfast .
she explained the meaning and origin of the expressions , which she referred to as " bridges to the past . "
the prizes were placed , covered , on a table and were humorously paraphrased prior to being presented to the winners .
under the management of the Federal Employment Agency , 49 men and women who are already working within the industry as untrained workers , will be trained as qualified hotel and restaurant staff over the course of three winters .
" what 's innovative about it is that the six-month courses end with diplomas , " said Carmen Wiechert of the Neubrandenburg Employment Agency .
there are many benefits : the participants will not be unemployed , the companies receive trained skilled workers , which are in continually increasing demand in hotels and restaurants , and the agency will not have to fund unemployment .
also involved in the project are the Chamber of Industry and Commerce in Neubrandenburg and the German Hotel and Restaurant Association ( Deutsche Hotel- und Gaststätte , DEHOGA ) of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania .
" NSA.gov was not accessible for several hours tonight because of an internal error that occurred during a scheduled update , " the spy agency said in an emailed statement .
earlier this evening online server trackers noted the NSA 's website had been down for at least six hours , and the site continues to be inaccessible for some users .
earlier an NSA spokesperson told ABC News the agency 's internal , sensitive network was " not at all " compromised .
at least one hacktivist group online claimed that they were responsible for bringing down the NSA site with a DDoS attack .
DDoS attacks are designed to flood a target website with traffic until the servers are overloaded and the site collapses .
the cyber tactic is a relatively unsophisticated one and the attacks are not meant to penetrate the internal network of the target system .
stating a reason for this , Felder-Bauer said : " we have barely any skilled workers in the fields of skilled crafts and trades , healthcare and geriatric care . "
" while the weaker aircraft deliveries were mostly anticipated , we are clearly disappointed by the margin performance in transportation , " Doerksen said in a client note .
however , if no new orders are announced in the coming months , we suspect that the market will become more skeptical of the program .
Bombardier hopes the CSeries aircraft family can catapult it into the low end of a market now dominated by Boeing and Airbus .
but firm orders for the CSeries are moderate so far at 177 as potential buyers wait for flight test results to validate the company 's claims about the new jetliner 's fuel efficiency and cost savings potential .
chief Executive Officer Pierre Beaudoin was confident Bombardier would meet its 300 firm order target by the time the first jet is put into commercial use .
the second of five test planes is expected to take flight in the coming weeks , with the remainder following shortly after , the company said .
still , analysts are skeptical the first customer can begin operating a CSeries plane 12 months after its maiden flight .
Bombardier said it was evaluating the entry-into-service ( EIS ) schedule and will provide an update in the next few months .
" this slow pace of flight testing - although in line with Bombardier 's internal schedule apparently - reinforces our view that entry-into-service will be pushed to Q1 / 15 , " said Doerksen .
for the third quarter ended September 30 , Bombardier 's net profit fell to $ 147 million , or 8 cents per share , from $ 172 million , or 9 cents per share a year earlier .
the world 's fourth-largest planemaker said it delivered 45 aircraft during the quarter , down from 57 a year earlier .
the backlog in the aerospace division was $ 32.9 billion as of September 30 , unchanged from December 31 .
Bombardier , the world 's largest trainmaker , said revenue in that division rose nearly 11 percent to $ 2.1 billion .
the order backlog in the transportation unit was $ 32.6 billion as of September 30 , up marginally from December 31 .
shares of Bombardier , which also announced that Google Inc Chief Financial Officer Patrick Pichette would join the board , were down 8.5 percent at C $ 4.83 in mid afternoon trading on Thursday .
Brazil 's Embraer SA , the world 's third-largest commercial planemaker and Bombardier 's closest rival , reported a 10 percent fall in quarterly profit on Thursday .
while the airport management announced via short messaging service Twitter that the shooter is in custody , the " Los Angeles Times " reported that the man is dead .
the incident took place in Terminal 3 . eye witnesses reported seeing a shooter with a gun in one of the departure lounges , as was reported by several media .
an employee of the " Los Angeles Times " who was travelling at the time told of how he had heard two shots fired .
according to a message shared by the airport management via twitter , the incident began at 9.30 am ( local time ) .
Basharat Ditta , 42 , would feed sensitive intelligence to crime lord Neil Scarbrough about inquiries into his drug trafficking activities after he became compromised by his cocaine habit .
inquiries revealed Ditta was a " regular user " of the Class A drug after tests found traces of cocaine in his hair , on his wallet and on his credit cards .
they and 32 other men were later jailed after police seized heroin and cocaine worth £ 1.5million along with more than £ 200,000 in cash during a series of raids .
the lawyer 's downfall came after police investigating Scarborough discovered he had been in regular phone contact with Ditta in February 2011 .
two detectives trailed the suspect and spotted him arriving at Ditta 's house in and was seen to place the drugs which had a purity of 60 per cent under the lawyer 's bins in a black golf glove .
soon after the drop off , Scarborough was in regular phone contact with Ditta who had been out at the dinner at the Blackburn Rovers football stadium , Ewood Park .
the court heard Ditta was a " regular user " of cocaine after tests found traces of the Class A drug in his hair , wallet and on his credit cards
ditta was arrested later but denied using cocaine and and said he had been speaking to the suspected dealer because he was his client and argued their discussions were subject to " legal privilege . "
during his arrest Ditta picked up his wallet and tried to remove several credit cards but they were all seized and a hair sample was taken fom him .
in a police interview he said he ran an office at his home address as well as work place and clients would call at his house on legal business .
but the court heard he would call major players in the drugs supply chain , some of whom he had previously represented , after key arrests to tell them what detectives knew about them .
prosecuting , Anne Whyte said : " if anyone should know not to the break the law , it is a criminal solicitor . "
Mr Ditta is accused of abusing his position as a criminal solicitor , having become too involved with specific clients .
the relationship we are talking about is not simply a drug dealer , but a drug dealer providing his own lawyer with drugs .
he thwarted the police 's investigation as much as possible to enable them to continue in their criminal activities .
he got too close to certain clients , in particular Scarborough , and he allowed his independence to be compromised .
but after the hearing supt Lee Halstead from Lancashire Police said : " Mr Ditta turned from criminal solicitor to a criminal himself the moment he started obtaining drugs from organised criminals . "
his addiction to cocaine left him hopelessly compromised and vulnerable to the motives of leading members of organised crime groups who tasked him to obtain valuable information regarding police investigations .
let this case serve as a warning to criminals that no one is beyond the reach of the law .
thirty five other men involved in the racket were jailed for a total of 153 years for drugs offences .
patron Johan Philipp Neumann has in mind for the mass to be performed as part of the church services .
the 2015 Parish Council elections will bring about fundamental change , for example in the Haslach Pastoral Care Unit ( Seelsorgeeinheit Haslach , SE ) .
in a joint meeting on Saturday , the committees from Haslach , Hofstetten , Mühlenbach , Fischerbach , Steinach and Welschensteinach prepared for the changes .
this is because there are no further changes to be made to the fundamental decisions of the diocese and it is up to the Parish Councils to implement these in as satisfactory a manner possible .
regional Dean Georg Schmitt explained the newly drawn-up guidelines for pastoral care units in the arch-diocese of Freiburg with the help of a presentation .
according to the guidelines , the SE Haslach , as a church community , will be a corporation under public law , which shall assume the rights and obligations of the six individual church communities .
there will then only be one joint Parish Council and a Foundation Council , in which the rector will be represented by virtue of his office .
from each parish , at least two elected members are to be represented , with so-called church community teams set up on-site in the six parishes .
accounts payable , on the other hand , will be passed over to the " church community " as a whole .
" in the past , investments were only made in projects that could be managed by the individual parishes by themselves , " said Haslach 's Parish Council Chairman Bruno Prinzbach .
Barbar Ritter , Chair of the Committee in the Schutterwald-Neuried pastoral care unit , has practical experience of a joint committee for five parishes .
the Committees of the Haslach pastoral care unit set out to answer questions regarding the future composition and size of the joint Parish Council , and the practical work of the church community teams .
the specific details will be confirmed in subsequent meetings and decided in an additional joint meeting of all six committees in the coming spring .
at the end , Parish Counsellor Michael Schöner from Steinach presented the new logo of the pastoral care unit , which was agreed on by a clear majority .
as Managing Director of the municipal energy company , Jörg-Arne Bias , confirmed to the SÜDKURIER , families of four in Pfullendorf will be on the receiving end of a price increase of EUR 70 to 90 per year .
this levy will be reset by the four operators of the large power grids , in October of each year .
they estimate the additional costs they will incur as a result of the " energy turnaround , " which they will be able to recover by means of a levy on the price of electricity .
in its projections , the supervisory council of the energy company even assumed a levy higher than that reported by Jörg-Arne Bias .
the specific figures must now be calculated before the municipal energy cmpany can inform its customers of the precise price increase next week .
the waiting time must , however , be " appropriate , " which can be interpreted differently on a case-to-case basis .
Becker advises that you wait at least five minutes before a fault with the traffic lights can be assumed .
anyone who drives on in spite of a red light must , however , be aware that he / she will be fully liable for any resulting accident .
anyone who waits for less than five minutes has , under certain circumstances , not waited long enough , warned Becker , referring to a ruling of the Hamm Higher Regional Court .
he was spared a driving ban on account of the special circumstances - but was not spared a fine .
every time discussion in Town Council meetings turns to the budget , Mayor Ralph Gerster has good reason to smile .
as Andrea Rothmund explained , the administrative budget came in at more than EUR one million higher than originally planned , at around 7.6 million Euro .
the administrative budget surplus , at around EUR 1.8 million , also stood at around EUR one million above projections .
the surplus is primarily due to higher trade tax income and the local authorities ' contribution towards income tax .
because fewer investments were made in the 2012 budgetary year than planned , the reserves also came in higher .
in total , they managed to increase the general contingency reserves by around EUR 2.1 million , to a total of EUR 4.9 million .
" a job like this is not something you achieve overnight , " said Gerster in praise of the annual financial statement .
it may sound like a paradox , but it is precisely these good figures that could soon work out expensive for the citizens .
however , according to Gerster , from time to time this has resulted in subsidies being reduced by the state .
" we have to address the subject of municipal rates , as there are investments to be made in the coming years for which we could do with subsidies , " commented Gerster regarding this matter .
having been a singer for 60 years , Hubert Wermter 's story with the Cäcilia Male Choral Society is almost twice as long as that of the Autumn Festival , during which he was ceremonially honoured .
even after 60 years he still finds great pleasure from singing with the choir , which has achieved much more than popularity during this period .
the Vollmaringen Male Voice Choir got things running with atmospheric songs such as " Im Weinparadies " and " Lustig , ihr Brüder . "
they had also prepared a short serenade as a tribute to their honorary singer Hubert Wermter - Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart 's " Bundeslied . "
the Betra Male Voice Choir also sang classic choral pieces such as " Jägerwerben " by Julius Wengert , " weit , weit weg " by Hubert Goisern and the folk song " Wann du durchgehst durchs Tal . "
with its mixed choir and its ladies ' ensemble - the " Impulschor " ( Impulse Choir ) , the Salzstetten Choral Club ensured that the female quota was fulfilled at the festival .
the Schwarzwälder Bote ( Black Forest Herald ) , in collaboration with Bauhaus and the Sparkasse Zollernalb Savings Bank , would like to support the institutions in granting their construction and renovation wishes .
if they have a construction or renovation request for their institution , they can register this with the Schwarzwälder Bote .
get creative with your children and surprise the judging panel of the Kindergarten-Baustelle ( Nursery School-Construction Site ) campaign .
a panel consisting of representatives from the Schwarzwälder Bote , Bauhaus and Sparkasse Zollernalb will select three wishes from those submitted .
it must be possible to fulfil the wish using construction materials to a maximum value of EUR 2,000 and on one ( campaign ) day .
they will be delivered to the nursery schools on an agreed day and should there be assembled / made use of directly by the helpers .
he said the new media tribunal " will always be biased because it 's an extension of the government , " and that restrictions on content and advertising would damage Kenya 's place in the global economy .
the passing of the bill comes amid a string of measures to reinforce national security in the wake of the September 's attack by Islamist gunmen on the Westgate shopping mall .
police chief David Kimaiyo reacted by summoning two journalists and a media executive for questioning , although the summons was retracted following a media outcry .
the tribunal also has the power to seize the property of an offender if a fine is not paid .
it also said the measures could have a devastating effect on what it described as Kenya 's " lively blogosphere . "
" no one will ever know , " wrote Nation journalist Mutuma Mathiu , describing the Kenyan media as a key source of checks and balances in public life .
" left to themselves , politicians would bankrupt the country and take us back to hunting and gathering , " he wrote .
in May they voted to overturn cuts ordered by the national salaries commission and reinstate their hefty salaries of around 532,000 shillings a month tax-free - ranked among the highest in the world .
the official inaugural ceremony for the astro-turf sports field did not wane in significance for the town and the football club , in spite of the cold weather and rain .
everyone had hoped for more pleasant conditions for the ceremony last Saturday , however the weather gods chose not to cooperate .
this was the case for the musicians who accompanied the ceremony , as well as for a number of speakers .
thus , FC Chairman Albrecht Schlenker , who spoke of the fulfilment of a dream , also got fairly wet .
his thanks went first and foremost to Mayor Walter Klumpp , who was heavily involved in the realisation of the project , the Town Council , the companies involved and club members who played a part .
it was way back 15 years ago that solutions to the problem were first considered , when the construction of a third pitch on the football club site or at the secondary school on Salinensee Lake were considered .
six years ago , thoughts turned to laying an astro-turf pitch , which was generally viewed as the perfect solution .
specific plans were drawn up two years ago , when the FC inherited the Schabelstube in leasehold , promised a contribution of EUR 100,000 for the construction of the pitch and the state approved a subsidy of EUR 104,000 .
in October 2012 , the Town Council decided to cover the remaining EUR 356,000 of the total cost of EUR 560,000 , summarised Klumpp .
during the construction phase , which lasted over three months , 3,000 cubic metres of earth were removed , of which half was used for the laying of a dirt bike track .
the SPD would like to put an end to the pressure placed on immigrant children to decide on one nationality - the Union rejects the notion of a dual passport .
regarding the subject of traffic , which was not on the agenda for this Friday , the SPD substantiated its opposition to a car toll charge promoted by the CSU .
the introduction of a toll for cars would also only be a first step , in Pronold 's eyes .
Stuttgart - " When will it be summer again ? " was actually not the question on people 's lips at the Killesberg Open-Air Theatre on Friday evening .
according to information from the police , a 41-year-old from Müsch was travelling in his car on the Kempener bypass in the direction of Grefrath , at around 9.15 p.m ..
as he went to turn right onto St. Töniser Straße he failed to see the 37-year-old 's oncoming vehicle .
as airport spokesperson Peter Kleeman announced to Radio Vienna that in adjusting the approach towards announcements , Vienna Airport is following an international trend .
among others , the airports in Kopenhagen , Frankfurt and Dubai have already done away with the noisy call-outs .
while they are of course a Scottish tradition , they have been given a touch of Swabian colour at the Kaltenhof event grounds .
teams and individual competitors will be pitted against one another in the disciplines of tossing the caber , horseshoe tossing and bucket carrying .
Heinz Koch from Weilen unter den Rinnen will also be there , better known as the ' singing inn keeper and black sausage baron . "
the celebrations will get under way on Friday , with the " Stoppelacker " ( Stubble Field ) party featuring DJ Ralf .
the event is organised by the community hall association , the ski club and the " Zündkapsele " ( blasting caps ) tractor enthusiasts .
50 grams of apple sauce or a tablespoon of ground linseed plus three tablespoons of water are also suitable .
a dough becomes fluffy by replacing egg with a mixture of one tablespoon of baking powder , one tablespoon of cornflour and three tablespoons of mineral water , for example .
according to information from the Vegetarian Association , around 800,000 Germans currently have a vegan diet , i.e. a 100 % vegetable diet .
on the way to their host families in Weymouth , Massachusetts , the pupils of the Schwarzwald Grammar School got to know the American city of New York .
after an eight-hour flight , they headed straight for Brooklyn Bridge , via which the heart of the city , Manhattan , can be reached on foot .
from here there is a fascinating view of the world-famous skyline , which is particularly impressive in the evening light .
in spite of a shutdown , they were able to visit the Statue of Liberty on the second day , and climb the statue on foot .
on the third day , the pupils were able to take in an overview of the fascinating city from the viewing platform of the Empire State Building , enjoying the views from a height of 373 metres .
they then made their way through the hustle and bustle of the New York streets , via the Rockerfeller Center , to Central Park , which provided the perfect opportunity to rest a while in the Autumn sun .
following a short flight from New York to Boston , the pupils have now arrived with their host families and are experiencing the school day at Weymouth High School .
once again this year , on Saint Hubert 's day , a Hubert mass will be celebrated in the Parish of St. Marien on Hülsbergstrasse .
St. Hubert was , according to legend , a truly ruthless hunter , who converted following a vision and was later appointed Bishop of Lüttich .
hunting horn group " Jagdreiter Westfalen , " under the directorship of Brigitte Kluth , played old , traditional French melodies on parforce horns ( natural horns in the key of E flat ) .
the wind players wear riding clothes , as they provide musical accompaniment mainly for riders , horses and packs of hounds on drag hunts .
according to dictionaries , déjà vu is defined as a psychological phenomenon , which expresses itself in the feeling of having already experienced or seen a new situation .
a glance into the internal workings at Opschlag 8 gives the onlooker a positive feeling right from the outset .
with its ultra-modern yet cosy café ambience , it looks like a place designed to make you feel good .
the team here , with business founders , Mirjam van der Stelt and Daniel Büttner at the helm , spoils guests with a wide range of coffees and cocktails .
the owners , both 33 years old , have already made a name for themselves as restaurateurs prior to opening the chic café on the Opschlag : they previously managed the " Art Lounge " in Kranenburg .
in actual fact , here the pair hope to appeal as much to young students as they do to senior citizens and all age brackets .
perhaps this is why Daniel Büttner is not a vocal fan of evening events : " you just cannot please everyone . "
and with an event , I am always only appealing to those who have expressed an interest in the special event .
this is with regard to the quality of the products that are offered here , as well as the team and the fantastic setting on the Opschlag in Kleve .
this is to the delight of many Kleve residents , guests from near and far and the students who are discovering the ' restaurant mile ' , and with it the Café Déjà Vu , for themselves .
this year the " Friedrich Wilhelm Dinker " MGV issued an invitation to its 165th anniversary celebration , which 52 guests , active singers and their wives were happy to accept .
in the clubhouse at the " Witteborg " Inn in Dinker , all those present enjoyed the friendly get-together in the name of music .
the Board of Directors gave special thanks to the team managed by innkeeper , Ange Pier-Ribbert , which once again delighted those present with a top class menu , and to Gerda Pier-Ribbert for the table decorations .
the United Nations is to start work immediately on a new set of goals to replace the millennium development goals , which were put place 12 years ago to tackle global poverty .
Australian diplomats played a key role in pushing for " sustainable development goals " to replace the MDGs , which expire in 2015 , ahead of the UN sustainable development summit that began in Rio de Janeiro overnight .
they were included in the final draft of the document , which will be endorsed by world leaders including Ms Gillard during the summit .
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon told the summit overnight that now is the time to " rise above national interests . "
" I am pleased that member states have agreed to launch and take ownership of a process to establish universal sustainable development goals - SDGs , " he said .
even though the SG Achim / Baden has gone four match days without victory , a positive mood is still prevailing within the top flight handball team .
in any case , if they are to finally get back on the winning track , Malmon 's team will have to improve on recent performances .
" we want peace back ; we want stability , " said Vanessa de Sousa , chief executive of an investment company .
fearful about the future of her country , she swapped her corporate attire for a T-shirt emblazoned with " we demand security " in Portuguese as she joined the crowds in the capital 's Independence Square on Thursday .
for two weeks , there have been almost daily reports of clashes between government forces and RENAMO , some of the worst skirmishes since a peace deal more than 20 years ago .
RENAMO was once a notorious rebel movement , initially backed by white-ruled Rhodesia and then South Africa 's apartheid government as part of efforts to destabilise the country 's independent government .
analysts believe the country is unlikely to slide back into full-blown conflict , but recent events have unnerved foreign investors and locals .
the ruling Frelimo party , the dominant political force since 1975 , and RENAMO blame each other for the tension .
RENAMO says the government initiated the latest clashes by launching an attack on its members in Sofala province , traditionally a RENAMO stronghold , on October 17 .
RENAMO , which has been pushing for electoral reforms , had already said that it would boycott municipal elections due in November .
some commentators have interpreted its use of force as the attempt of an ailing movement to win concessions and financial spoils from the government .
" he does not want multi-party democracy , he does not want transparent elections he does not want peace because he does not want to leave the presidency , " Mr Mazanga said .
in June , Rio suspended its use of the railway for about a week after RENAMO threatened to attack the line .
RENAMO wanted to " warn the international community that things were not going well in Mozambique , " Mr Mazanga said .
" no one cares about RENAMO and Frelimo , they just want peace again , they want free access to the roads , " he said .
children should be taught myths and legends as " models for a way of life , " author says .
tales of Thor could show " brute strength is no match for subtle trickery , " while the Arthurian legends reveal the importance of having a dream .
" I find it wonderful that in America , myth and folklore already has a part in education , " he said .
he added authors and teachers being " overtly didactic " is a " total switch-off " for children , with messages being " subliminated " in enjoyable stories .
perhaps the big difference between an adult author writing for an adult and an adult author writing for a child is the necessity for some sense of hope .
100 years ago , Heinrich Hansjakob moved into his retirement home in Haslach , on Sunday his final years in the " FREIHOF " were brought to life .
Marcus Zagermann , serving as narrator , guided the audience through the ten different scenes , explained circumstances and provided links explaining leaps from his youth to the time when he was approaching retirement .
true to style , he travelled with a two-horse carriage drawn by " Schwarzwälder Füchsen " ( Black Forest Chestnut Horses ) owned by Erich Becherer from Mühlenbach .
not only was he received with great applause from the audience , but was also welcomed by his sister Philippine .
Billy Sum-Hermann managed unbelievably well to place herself in the role of the sister and brought the character to life amazingly well , in terms of both her expressions and gestures .
with their song , " O Jesulein , " they delighted the audience in the FREIHOF , as did the " Storchentagskinder " with their loud cries of " heraus , heraus " .
in his day , Hansjakob expressed his criticism of the institutional church , as well as his concerns regarding the excesses in the rural economy , the consequences of industrialisation and the effects of the war .
" we will not participate in the wild card process , " said former national team player Pascal Roller , who has been putting together the concept for a professional club in the Hansa town since 2012 .
" we are not concerning ourselves with the wild card process until it is certain that Düsseldorf is not receiving a licence , " said boss of the Neckar Riesen Alexander Reil , speaking to our paper .
following a visit to the Nuclear Bunker Museum , the focus will turn to Haigerloch in the period after 1850 , when Haigerloch came under Prussian rule .
last but not least , while in the church eyes will also turn to the last supper painting , painted by Friedrich Schüz with the support of Walter Kröll and Georg Halbritter .
the meeting point for the one and a half hour tour is the Nuclear Bunder Museum , at 3 : 00 p.m.
the former US intelligence expert , Edward Snowden , may make further statements regarding the US espionage scandal from his Russian asylum .
representatives of the Federal Prosecutor could either submit questions in writing or meet the 30-year-old in person in Russia .
this was reported by the Interfax Agency with reference to groups aware of the situation , which were not named in greater detail .
because Germany is an ally of the USA , Snowden would be at risk of deportation if he were to travel there , the source continued .
the tennis division of the Sportfreunde Rohrdorf ( Rohrdorf Sports Fans ) enjoyed perfect weather for the tournament for local clubs and enthusiasts .
the matches were doubles matches with a long set up to nine points , or a maximum duration of 45 minutes .
the organisation of the tournament was placed in the trusty hands of Anja Schlichter , who was supported by Carmen Müller and Inga Kronemeyer .
after the first three matches and a lunch break with pasta , the tournament moved into the crucial phase .
the favourites , Andre Maier / Matthias Bronner , were tied with Michael Klippel and Sadmin Osmicic ( both teams from the SG Rohrweiler ) , meaning that the last two games had to produce a victor .
at the awards ceremony , Carmen Müller finally had the pleasure of presenting the Challenge Cup to Andre Maier and Matthias Bronner , who had shown the greatest staying power on the final leg .
on the last weekend in August , the Vogtsbauernhof Black Forest Open Air Museum in Gutach near Hornberg will once again be firmly in the hands of children .
whether producing soap , turning candles , felting or making silk , there is a suitable activity whatever your age .
the young guests will be able to demonstrate their manual skills building cuckoo pipes , water wheels or spinning tops .
the host of old games , such as wheelbarrow racing or walking on stilts , promises plenty of fun .
for any miniature detectives , the open air museum will be offering a mystery tour through the museum on Saturday and Sunday , at midday and 2.00 p.m. respectively .
in addition , visitors will have the special opportunity to get to know the open air museum on a carriage journey drawn by Black Forest Chestnut horses .
the story-teller will be taking the younger guests to the wonderful world of fairytale at 11.00 a.m. , 1 : 00 p.m. and 3 : 00 p.m.
so , visitors to the open air museum can expect a varied holiday programme right through to the end of the summer holidays in Baden-Wuerttemberg .
in a small town in New Zealand , Burt Munro is considered a lovable oddball , all because he resolved to compete in a race in America with his 1920 motorbike .
besides coal imports , Rhenus Midgard is also active in the field of wind park logistics , among other ventures .
" the signals are for the purpose of security and are legally prescribed , " said Matthias Schrell , Managing Director of Rhenus Midgard in Wilhelmshaven .
unfortunately , in the event of unfavourable wind , they can be heard from far away - and as a result there have already been a number of complaints from people from the north of the town .
the 40-year-old said that he is taking the complaints very seriously and has therefore been in touch with those affected .
with the construction of the Lower Saxony Bridge , Rhenus Midgard is continuing to focus on coal exports for power stations and is one of the major powers in this sector in Europe .
thanks to the mooring basin to the front of the terminal , sunken to a depth of 18.5 metres , it has for some time now been possible to unload capesize bulk carriers here .
when the GDF-Suez plant is added to the network , around 5 million tonnes of coal imports per year will be realistic .
the three ship unloaders on the bridge and the second transport belt could see this rise to 10 million .
initially the guests managed to turn a 15-point deficit into a lead , with 13 minutes to go , before Piräus was able to turn the game around once again .
" we fought back incredibly well against the two-time Euroleague champions , but then once again made careless mistakes .
created and overseen by Caroline Hirsch , the founder of the standup institution Carolines , the festival celebrates its tenth anniversary this year , with more than sixty shows at small clubs and large theatres .
" most of these headliners appeared at Carolines , and went on to greater success , to the point where they 're too big to play a club , " Hirsch said .
several of the comedians participating in this year 's festival came up through nontraditional channels , such as shows on smaller networks , like Comedy Central , FX , and Spike .
Steinberg started as a standup comedian but has become an accomplished television and film director , as well as an unofficial comedy historian .
" the city is definitely in the comedy DNA of all of Larry 's work , " Steinberg said .
it will without doubt be a long path , but the chief nuclear negotiator is satisfied with the negotiation process and is also optimistic that both sides will come to a solution in the end .
on Tuesday , armed with machetes and knives , they stabbed the 11-year-old to death and threw the body into a well , reported the " El País " newspaper on Thursday .
the body was found the following night in the village of Cerro Pelado , 15 kilometres to the north of the exclusive beach resort of Punta del Este .
a five year-old half-sister of the younger offender , who they took with them , was to make a statement as an alibi , stating that she was sexually assaulted by the boy .
however , when the girl described the progression of events to the police without mentioning an attack against herself , the two boys confessed to the pre-meditated murder of the 11-year-old .
the District Court of Constance has condemned a 33-year-old man from St. Georgen to three and a half years in prison for exploitative human trafficking , pimping , issuing threats and grievous bodily harm .
the former German soldier who , following two tours in Afghanistan , had worked as a doorman , made a confession within the context of a plea-bargaining procedure .
he prevented the women from making contact with the outside world by confiscating their mobile phones and SIM cards .
appearing before the court , the accused initially claimed that he was suffering from severe trauma after colleagues serving alongside him in Afghanistan had lost their lives in an explosion .
as an official from the Criminal Investigation Department reported , following the first conviction achieved using telephone surveillance measures , at least four further cases of exploitative human trafficking could be identified .
a further witness , whereby one of the woman had suffered blue bruises all over her body , is yet to make a statement .
this is a case of a " completely broken personality , " that views the violence and exploitation in this field as normal .
" I have removed myself from these circles and hope to lead a completely normal life following my imprisonment , " he stated .
benchmark U.S. crude for December delivery was down 14 cents at $ 96.24 a barrel by late morning in Europe in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange .
that suggests China 's economic recovery could continue to strengthen after growth rebounded to 7.8 percent in the third quarter from a two-decade low in the previous quarter .
Brent crude , a benchmark for international crude also used by U.S. refineries , fell 26 cents to $ 108.58 a barrel on the ICE exchange in London .
the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said the decisions of Judge Shira Scheindlin will be stayed pending the outcome of an appeal by the city .
the judge had ruled in August the city violated the Constitution in the way it carried out its program of stopping and questioning people .
the city appealed her findings and her remedial orders , including a decision to assign a monitor to help the police department changes its policy and training program associated with it .
the judge had ruled that police officers violated the civil rights of tens of thousands of people by wrongly targeting black and Hispanic men with its stop-and-frisk program .
in August , New York City agreed to end the practice of storing the names and addresses of people whose cases are dismissed after a police stop .
Stop-and-frisk has been around for decades in some form , but recorded stops increased dramatically under the administration of independent Mayor Michael Bloomberg to an all-time high in 2011 of 684,330 , mostly of black and Hispanic men .
a lawsuit was filed in 2004 by four men , all minorities , and became a class action case .
supporters of changes to the NYPD 's stop-and-frisk program say the changes will end unfair practices , will mold a more trusted and effective police force and can affect how other police departments use the policy .
opponents say the changes would lower police morale but not crime , waste money and not solve a broader problem of a police force under pressure after shrinking by thousands of officers during the last decade .
the judge noted she wasn 't putting an end to the stop-and-frisk practice , which is constitutional , but was reforming the way the NYPD implemented its stops .
it was with this piece of Bedouin wisdom that the first ever chairman Wolfgang Henne described the history and fascination behind the " Helping Hands " society .
as a result , an important collaboration was developed and the gynaecologist , Hanne , has performed countless operations on several journeys to the location .
Rainer Prewo , the former Lord Mayor of Nagold , made the suggestion of equipping this vehicle with a photovoltaic system and , according to Henne , he is now planning to assume an advisory role within the organisation .
you learn a great deal working as a doctor in Africa , said Henne , for example that you should slow down to avoid burn-out .
in addition , containers with materials are regularly sent to Africa , for example in March of this year when medical devices , medicines , bandaging material , hospital beds and spectacles were sent .
he identified his personal motivation as being his work in the area of auditing as a young member of parliament .
when it became clear to him how much money is wasted , he decided to help the Africans with controlling of their budget by the people .
former News of the World editor Andy Coulson allegedly used " phone hacking , surveillance and confrontation " in an attempt to confirm a bogus tip about an affair involving then-home secretary Charles Clarke .
a tape of voicemails taken from her phone on at least three occasions was seized from Mulcaire 's home in August 2006 .
investigators also found entries on the private investigator 's computer which had Ms Pawlby and her sister as " Projects . "
during the period she was being investigated , Ms Pawlby 's grandparents received anonymous calls asking for information about her , Mr Edis said .
leaving her a voicemail on June 18 2005 , Coulson told her : " I 've got a story that we 're planning to run tomorrow that I really would like to speak to Charles about . "
Mr Edis said Coulson 's involvement in the story followed the same pattern as with other important men , such as former home secretary David Blunkett .
in protest against the planned tax on the rich , the French Football Association is set to actually go through with the first strike since 1972 .
in the conflict regarding the tax on the wealthy , the government and the professional football association in France have manoeuvred into a cul-de-sac following a failed mediation meeting .
President François Hollande welcomed club and association representatives to Paris ' Élysée Palace on Thursday , where he listened to their complaints .
the strike announced for the end of November will now go ahead , informed the head of the Union of Professional Football Clubs ( UCPF ) , Jean-Pierre Louvel .
the Ligue 1 and Ligue 2 match days scheduled between 29 November and 2 December will thus be cancelled .
" we want to involve the residents in the planning at as early a stage as possible , " said Mayor Jens Häußler , opening the citizen 's information event regarding the flood protection concept in Gechingen .
Häußler made clear : " the final decisions will be made by the members of the Town Council . "
Häußler commented that the flood that found Gechingen unprepared on 15 May 2009 , was a decisive event in raising the question of protective measures for the future .
a river basin study was commissioned in collaboration with the neighbouring community of Aidlingen , which now forms the basis for the flood protection concept in Gechingen .
" the goal is the protection of as many developed plots of land as possible , " said Häußler .
there was resentment among local residents of the old town , who have repeatedly to suffer as a result of the overflowing of the canal network , even during normal thunderstorms .
early on Friday afternoon , two car drivers were seriously injured in a head-on collision on Landesstraße 44 ( a rural road ) .
the police completely blocked off the road immediately , but initially could not make much comment on the cause of the accident .
what is certain is that the 19-year-old female driver of a VW Golf was driving in the direction of Revensdorf and the 38-year-old man from Gettorf came towards her in his Hyundai .
the two vehicles collided , whereby the woman was so severely stuck that it took the fire service almost half an hour to free her from the vehicle wreckage .
Philip K. Dick was a God seeker , a metaphysician , and to a certain extent his novels and stories also feature recurring themes .
Dick illustrates America - the kingdom of breathtaking technical progress , paired with paranoia , a fixation on security and the belief of having been chosen .
Dick had ' God experiences ' , and his later books read like a mixture of the Book of Revelation and a computer manual .
he wrote a ' Theology of the Computer ' and questioned what separates humans from the machine , the creator from the creation .
" minority Report " originates from the year 1956 , and exudes the scent of the Cold War and the McCarthy Tribunal .
here the principle of the " pre-crime " is developed , i.e. something that is now more or less official doctrine within the White House .
in Dick 's world , which is alarmingly similar to our own , mutants look into the future - and the police have access to this insight .
and : " in our society we have no major crimes , but we do have a detention camp full of would-be criminals . " they read time streams .
Dick 's tale acts as a blueprint for the anti-terror laws and the phone tapping madness of the NSA .
the Police Chief argues that there is no more division of power , the military controls daily life - and what is left of the State .
the former US intelligence expert , Edward Snowden , may make further statements regarding the US espionage scandal involving Federal Chancellor , Angela Merkel , from his Russian asylum .
green Party parliament representative , Hans-Christian Ströbele , was yesterday the first German politician to meet with Snowden in Moscow , to discuss the scandal with him .
on a mild day in late August a German police helicopter buzzed low over the US consulate in Frankfurt , the financial capital of Germany .
German media say the BFV hoped to identify the presence of listening antennas and the action prompted an exchange between the US and the German foreign ministry in Berlin .
but ever since Edward Snowden , the contractor turned whistleblower , began releasing his treasure trove of US surveillance secrets , European governments and business leaders are no longer sure whether to take the director at his word .
reports that the US National Security Agency spied on Brazilian oil company Petrobras and gained access to data held by US cloud providers including Google and Yahoo have ratcheted corporate paranoia about state surveillance to new highs .
" Germany must wake up , " says Oliver Grün , president of BITMi , which represents small and medium sized German IT companies .
German companies believe the US now poses almost as big a risk as China when it comes to industrial espionage and data theft , according to a survey published in July by EY , the consultancy .
in all the documentation leaked by Mr Snowden , there has , however , been no evidence to date that the US has passed on foreign companies ' trade secrets to its own companies .
politicians have expressed concern that the EU lacks certain IT and internet capabilities and should strive to reduce its dependence on the US .
" that 's not the way , " Hasso Plattner , chairman of German business software company SAP , says .
if one wanted a strong European IT industry , then one shouldn 't have let it die out 20 years ago .
still , the reach and technical sophistication of US spy agencies exposed by the Snowden revelations have come as a shock to some companies who previously thought the biggest surveillance risk was posed by China .
a big shift is occurring in cloud computing where European executives have become more aware that data stored in the US is subject to that jurisdiction and therefore potentially vulnerable .
many German executives argue that the latest reports are simply confirmation of what they already knew : that powerful states want to steal their most prized secrets and these data must therefore be guarded at all costs .
" this has been a topic for many years and hasn 't fundamentally changed through the current discussion , " says Kurt Bock , chief executive of chemical maker BASF .
the Americans spy on us on the commercial and industrial level as we spy on them too , because it is in the national interest to defend our businesses .
corporate leaders are not generally keen to boast about the countermeasures they have taken , in case this hands an advantage to an attacker .
Ulrich Hackenberg , board member at carmaker Audi , says it has been standard practice for years for mobile phones to be collected before board meetings so they cannot be used as remote listening devices .
Germany 's BFV advises executives to consider using simple prepaid mobiles when on foreign trips because of the risk that smart phones are compromised .
" small and medium sized companies often lack the experience , personnel and financial resources to protect corporate secrets effectively against unauthorised access , " the BFV warns in a report .
the US National Intelligence Estimate in February named France alongside Russia and Israel in a second tier of offenders who engage in hacking for economic intelligence , behind China , according to The Washington Post .
a board member at a German blue-chip company concurred that when it comes to economic espionage , " the French are the worst . "
for men , suits with a waistcoat and neckerchief are most popular , although some people do choose cream or brown combinations .
the parents of a Georgia teenager , whose body was found inside a rolled-up wrestling mat in his high school gym , believe their son was murdered , the family 's attorney said Thursday .
Kendrick Johnson , of Valdosta , Ga . , was found Jan. 11 stuck in an upright mat propped behind the bleachers inside his high school gym .
Lowndes County sheriff 's investigators concluded Johnson died in a freak accident , but the 17-year-old 's family disputes that .
" they believe that it defies logic , the laws of physics as well as common sense , " Crump said .
U.S. Attorney Michael Moore said Thursday he is conducting a formal investigation into Johnson 's death , noting that several key questions remain unanswered .
" I am of the opinion that a sufficient basis exists " for a formal investigation , he said .
Moore added that if he uncovers sufficient evidence to warrant a criminal or civil rights investigation into the death of Johnson he will ask the FBI to conduct it .
this is the first set of such guidelines the U.S. government has put out , as the number of school-age children suffering from food allergies climbs .
the guide contains information for schools on how to make faculty and staff aware of children 's food allergies , and how to handle them should an allergic reaction occur .
it also recommends schools have epinephrine stocked -- the EpiPen brand auto-injector being most commonly used -- to respond to potentially fatal anaphylaxis .
the aim of the law was to take the pressure off parents who might make hasty decisions on sex-assignment surgery for newborns , and to fight discrimination against those who are intersex .
one intersex person , according to the BBC , said years later , " I am neither a man nor a woman . "
" some people have life-endangering conditions that require surgery , but most kids do not , " he said .
the report also gives an overview of the discrimination faced by intersex and transgender people in the realm of employment , as well as levels of harassment , violence and bias crimes .
already , Australia and Nepal allow adults to mark male , female or a " third gender " on their official documents .
German passports will have a third designation other than M or F -- X , for intersex , according to the Interior Ministry .
in 2011 , dozens of French lawmakers from that strongly Catholic country signed a petition for " gender theory " to be withdrawn from school textbooks .
" parenting is stressful enough without extra limitations , especially if you don 't know the gender of your child , " she told the parenting website .
historically , children born with both male and female genitalia were called hermaphrodites , named for the handsome Greek god who had dual sexuality .
and as little as a decade ago , the medical community thought of gender as a slate that could be erased and then redrawn .
" back in the middle of the 20th century , it was called a ' psychiatric emergency , ' " said Drescher .
" money presented the case as a successful case of transition , but it was not , " said Drescher .
but in the 1990s , with the advent of the Internet , survivors of these gender surgeries have come forward " not happy with the outcome . "
such was the case with Jim Bruce , a 36-year-old writer from Montana , who was born with XY male chromosomes but ambiguous genitals .
so shortly after his birth in 1976 , Bruce 's external organ and testes were surgically removed and he was raised as a girl .
Bruce was born with a DSD that prevented his body from producing enough testosterone to properly develop his genitals .
but Anne Tamar-Mattis , executive director for California-based legal group Advocates for Informed Choice , worries that the German law " invites labeling and stigma . "
" a lot of activists are concerned that what the German rule will do is encourage parents to make quick decisions and give the child an ' undetermined , ' " she said .
but we haven 't seen how the law will play out , so all we can do is speculate .
Tamar-Mattis said that her organization supports the Australian law because " it allows adults to choose to be recognized in a third gender . "
now at 29 , Katie is married and at the University of Pennsylvania , a resident in child psychiatry .
it gives them the time to do some tests and figure it out and a period of time before they write ' male ' or ' female . '
" it brings the children into the decision and takes away the anxiety that motivates parents because they don 't feel they are doing the right thing , " she said .
ultimately , the child will decide which sex he or she feels more comfortable with -- and that 's a wonderful thing .
the assailants fired on a group of children on Thursday evening in Genthin , presumably with an air gun .
the shots came from a small car , which drove past a group of six children and suddenly stopped .
because the home owners realised this immediately , the egg remnants could be cleaned off at once , meaning that no material damage occurred .
furthermore , in the town centre area , while a few fireworks were set off , no material damage was caused here either .
the residents of the Bischof-Freundorfer-Weg reported that a car was wrapped in toilet paper and its wheel trims stolen .
her house is located in a peaceful neighbourhood in Stuttgart , with plenty of greenery , an old tree population , nice neighbours and not too much traffic .
" hopefully you aren 't afraid of spiders ? " asks Waltraud Ries , pointing out a large spider on the door frame .
furthermore : since undergoing a meniscus operation , the lady , in her mid-fifties , has had to experience for herself what it means to move from floor to floor with a disability .
" our home is the best example of a property that simply doesn 't work in old age , " she begins to recount .
when she moved to the maisonette with her husband 20 years ago , it was simply just a pretty apartment in green surroundings .
however , she is aware that she is one of the few people to actually deal with the topic of ' living in old age ' .
even if you can afford to spend your retirement in Tuscany or Brittany , you should always take the fact that you may become ill into consideration .
'However , this type of residential community would not be for me , ' she commented with a wink .
however , the author does not wish to rule out the possibility that a pensioners ' residential community can work .
therefore the experience of the Stiftung Warentest consumer study is also that elderly people in particular would accept inconveniences and limitations just to be able to remain in their usual environment .
nowadays there are many possibilities for designing the house or apartment in such a way as to be barrier-free .
Ries recommends that all those working on the age-appropriate renovation of their house or apartment first seek out in-depth information and don 't simply use the first tradesman that comes along .
you could of course install a stair lift inside the apartment , but the cobbled path up to the door of the apartment , featuring a number of steps would be a much greater hindrance .
following a recent meeting with Snowden in Moscow , German Green Party politician Hans-Christian Ströbele appealed to the USA not to continue to threaten him with prosecution .
Psaki emphasised that Ströbele 's comments were the views of a parliamentarian , and not those of a German government member .
I am Edward Joseph Snowden , formerly employed through contracts or direct hire as a technical expert for the United States National Security Agency , and Defense Intelligence Agency .
as a result of reporting these concerns , I have faced a severe and sustained campaign of persecution that forced me from my family and home .
I am currently living in exile under a grant of temporary asylum in the Russian Federation in accordance with international law .
citizens around the world as well as high officials - including in the United States - have judged the revelation of an unaccountable system of pervasive surveillance to be a public service .
these spying revelations have resulted in the proposal of many new laws and policies to address formerly concealed abuses of the public trust .
the benefits to society of this growing knowledge are becoming increasingly clear at the same time that claimed risks are being shown to have been mitigated .
I look forward to speaking with you in your country when the situation is resolved , and thank you for your efforts in upholding the international laws that protect us all .
the Town Council consented to the sale in its most recent meeting , during the part of the meeting that was not open to the public .
President Barack Obama 's closest advisers secretly considered replacing Vice President Joe Biden with Hillary Clinton on the 2012 ticket , according to the New York Times .
the revelation is the most notable bombshell from Mark Halperin and John Heilemann 's heavily anticipated 2012 campaign tome , " Double Down : game Change 2012 . "
only half a dozen of the President 's closest advisers -- including Daley , former Obama campaign chief Jim Messina , and former White House senior advisers David Axelrod and David Plouffe -- knew the change was under consideration .
in an interview with Martin , Daley confirmed that the administration did in fact consider replacing Biden with Clinton .
while Daley characterized the research as " due diligence , " Martin told CNN 's Anderson Cooper that the re-election campaign made a significant investment in finding out whether the move would pay dividends at the polls .
while Daley said he doesn 't think the President " was aware " of the potential change , the former chief of staff admitted that it 's " possible " Obama knew .
Cooper asked Martin whether he seriously thought Obama did not know about the research into dumping Biden from the ticket .
thus , when developing the underlying technical protocols , no attention was given to creating a stable foundation for the interception-proof exchange of mail .
when user " Anna " sends an email to " Benni , " are the pair 's computers then directly connected ?
checks are generally carried out by the sender 's provider as to whether the mail contains malware as an attachment .
in the case of systems such as Gmail , the robots also identify the information that Google requires for displaying context-based advertising .
if Anna and Benni communicate about their upcoming holiday travels via Gmail , Google can display corresponding links to holiday offers .
he first covered up the death of the 89-year-old and then pocketed the money for more than a year and a half .
the man was already under suspicion back in May : at that time the fact that medications for his care-reliant mother were no longer required drew suspicion .
it was discovered that the mother and son had lived in the same residence for more than 15 years and that he had cared for her in her final days .
the ice cream reacts with the eater 's tongue - raising the pH level in the protein and making it glow .
Chris says because the ice cream lights up when it reacts with the heat of the mouth it means the more you lick , the brighter it becomes .
so as your mouth warms up the protein it will raise the pH level and the ice cream will glow .
it is probably the most expensive ice cream I have made because the jellyfish luminescence is four times more expensive than gold .
Charlie 's experimental company , based in Bristol , is famed for its unusual flavours including beer , cheese , beef and gold leaf .
it is inherently impossible because of the refraction caused by the ice crystals which make up the ice cream , but I reckon we will find a way of doing it .
after six match days , TSV Morsum are yet to score a single point in the Handball Association League .
and of all possible times , Ingo Ehler 's team has a derby match against TSV Daverden tomorrow , which celebrated their first victory last week .
for this match he finally has his complete squad available , with the exception of Hendrick Blohme who is out with long-term injury .
Daverden 's coach Thomas Panitz comes across as much more relaxed following his team 's first victory of the season against Nordhorn .
nonetheless , Panitz is now looking to come up with the goods in Morsum and thus start a winning streak .
my sister and I were allowed to eat candy , stay up late and play dress-up for the neighborhood .
the majority of Americans - 158 million of them in fact - will be celebrating Halloween this year , spending a total of $ 6.9 billion on candy , costumes and decorations , according to the National Retail Federation .
costumes are expected to account for $ 1.2 billion dollars out of the $ 6.9 billion spent , according to the NRF .
as for men , I expect we will be seeing a lot of zombies , thanks to The Walking Dead and I 'll bet the Daft Punk space men will make it into our Instagram feeds this year .
that 's around 600 million pounds worth of Hershey bars , lollipops , Milk duds , Twizzlers and Clark Bars .
that 's great news for the 41 million trick-or-treaters set to take over our neighborhoods , according to the U.S. Commerce Department .
the one thing we don 't want to consume , candy corn ; and yet nearly 35 million pounds of it are sold around Halloween , according to the National Confectioners Association .
they have the best names , like " Terror Behind the Walls " ( which , by the way is in an actual prison ) , " Howl-O-Scream " and " The House of Shock . "
Charlie Brown introduced us to The Great Pumpkin when we were kids , and carving a Jack-O-Lantern is like decorating a Christmas tree - it 's something we 've done since we were little .
lucky for us , the " baby in a pumpkin trend " started only last year thanks to Pinterest , so most of us grew up carving these gourds not sitting in them .
the Jack-O-Lantern slowly withering on your front porch probably came from Illinois , which grew 542 million pounds of pumpkin this year .
this comes at the same time as a possible shortage of ministers : the Protestant Lutheran Regional Church of Hanover calculates that , as things stand , the current number of around 1,800 pastors will be halved by 2030 .
Burfien puts this down to the process of secularisation : " God 's voice is quiet , the world is loud . "
I am the master of my own schedule and can therefore turn my focus to what is important to me .
this would suit the young people of today , as it is not just about your career , but about having a meaningful job as well .
according to information from the Regional Church , which covers three quarters of Lower Saxony , around 60 pastors retire every year .
in future it may be difficult to fill positions in sparsely populated outlying areas such as Harz , Emsland or Wendland .
options include upgraded brakes , a service package providing access to Bowler Works mechanics , logistic support , and vehicle storage between events .
drew Bowler , the managing director of Bowler Motorsport , said : " rally customers coming to Bowler have changed . "
they 're not all experienced racers , but people looking for excitement and adventure , and an achievable path towards world-class events .
additionally , the Defender Challenge will provide a training and test day in February , as well as the option to compete in desert events in North Africa and the Middle East .
fire crews called to rescue lost puppy after she got stuck 50ft above the ground on precarious ledge in a quarry
a puppy had a lucky escape after fire crews were called to lift her to safety when she somehow got herself stuck 50ft up on a precarious cliff ledge .
nine month-old cocker spaniel Ruby had run off after being involved in a road crash on Sunday afternoon and survived three days alone before being rescued from a quarry on Wednesday .
her owners Scott Alderson , 25 , and his girlfriend Becky Hall , 20 , were at Flappit Quarry in Denholme , West Yorkshire , to be reunited with Ruby and have thanked West Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service .
they had searched frantically for their missing dog and posted appeals on social networking sites after she had ran into the quarry following the minor accident .
a Technical Rescue Team from Cleckheaton Fire Station rushed to the scene and abseiled down to rescue Ruby and used a pet tube to transport her up the cliff .
Ruby was taken to the vets for a check-up and was found to be fine other than exhaustion and dehydration .
during an interview with an Australian radio show this week , the pop star said she sang backing vocals for Jagger 's 2004 song " Old Habits Die Hard . "
Perry was one of the singers to make a guest appearance on the Rolling Stones ' tour this year .
since Scotland isn 't in the Schengen area now , continued non-compliance would be a cheap concession for Brussels to offer up in return for whatever it really wanted out of the Scots .
and one that is so long in the tooth it has become fossilised : I first heard the " independence means passport controls " canard at least 40 years ago .
across the EU , parties which are dedicated to opposing the EU , or to scrapping the euro as a common currency , are gaining ground .
the austerity imposed by Berlin and the European Central Bank , coupled with the straitjacket imposed on national economies through adherence to the common currency , has led many people to think Project Europe has gone too far .
the crisis of the euro has little to do with national governments running excessive budget deficits - that was true only of Greece .
rather , the euro system locked in its members at exchange rates favourable to German exporters - something German politicians want to keep .
without the possibility of domestic currency devaluation , southern Europe finds itself with a built-in productivity disadvantage vis-à-vis Germany .
all the wage freezes in the world won 't stop the European petrochemicals industry being hammered by cheap US shale gas .
after the war , the French political elite saw the EU as a vehicle to keep Germany in check , and to give Paris equal billing in the world with Washington .
but Berlin no longer needs Paris as a passport to political legitimacy and has imposed its own economic policy on Europe , leaving the battered French economy struggling .
the Front is now the most popular party in France with 24 per cent of the vote - a timely warning to British Labour that they can 't assume a split on the right will automatically favour the left .
she wants to use next year 's EU elections to create an anti-EU , anti-common currency bloc across the European Parliament .
if , as is very possible , anti-EU parties do well in these elections , such a bloc could dominate the European Parliament for the first time .
here 's my point : sometime soon growing anti-EU and anti-common currency feeling in Europe will coalesce to kill the euro .
the EU won 't disappear , but it will revert to something more like the loose " Europe of the ( Sovereign ) Nations " favoured by General de Gaulle .
Germany and a few of its satellite economies might keep the euro but France and southern Europe will revive their own currencies .
however , Washington 's growing interest in the Pacific suggests Britain will be left out in the Atlantic cold .
or we can defend our own economic interests - which includes telling Berlin and Brussels where to get off .
it would be ridiculous now for Scotland to vote for independence only to accept austerity imposed by Berlin and Brussels .
should a mother be alarmed if her daughter begins to sprout breast buds and pubic hair at 7 or 8 ?
" I spend a lot of time reassuring parents -- usually , this does not signal a rapid progression into full puberty , " said Kaplowitz .
there is debate about what constitutes the actual onset of puberty , but it is considered " precocious " when breast enlargement is accompanied by a growth spurt before age 8 .
a more rapid progression may warrant tests by an endocrinologist to rule out serious problems such as tumors or cysts .
there are treatments to delay early menses and ward off another consequence : premature aging of the bones that ultimately can lead to stunted growth and being short as an adult .
recommendations for drug or hormone therapy are based on the child 's age , rate of development , growth rate and emotional maturity .
Kaplowitz is cautious with medication but acknowledges , " suppressing puberty may alleviate behavioral issues and girls ' feelings of being different from peers . "
" they worry about the risk of pregnancy or even how they will handle hygiene , " said Kaplowitz .
yet , there 's no consistent body of evidence that hormones in milk or other foods , chemicals in the environment or sexual messages in the media are to blame .
globally , patterns of early puberty appear to be influenced by everything from economic conditions to climate to genes .
" we need to be careful about how we identify the true onset of puberty , " said Dr. Lawrence Silverman , a pediatric endocrinologist at Goryeb Children 's Hospital in Morristown , New Jersey .
girls who blossom early need reassurance that , even when it happens ahead of schedule , the process is a normal part of life .
how the back of the plane is laid out - particularly whether seating is 9 or 10 abreast - is central to the economic performance claims being made for new " mini-jumbo " jet designs .
Boeing says its revamped " 777X " will hold 406 people based on economy seats more than 17 inches wide and set out 10 in each row .
Airbus says the competing version of its A350 will carry 350 people in 18-inch-wide economy seat laid out 9 abreast .
now , Airbus is appealing directly to the public ahead of the Dubai Airshow , where the 777X is expected to dominate with more than 100 orders .
it recently previewed what may be the start of a new ad war by showing financiers a slide illustrating three people squashed together at a restaurant , titled " Would You Accept This ? "
" Boeing is proposing long-distance flying in seats narrower than regional turbo-props , " said Airbus sales chief John Leahy .
Airbus says it has commissioned research suggesting an extra inch in seat width improves sleep quality by 53 per cent .
Boeing disputes Airbus 's figures on seat measurements and says it is not up to manufacturers to step into decisions on how airlines balance fares and facilities .
" it really comes down to providing flexibility to airlines and allowing them to do the things that they believe they need to do to be successful , " said Boeing cabins expert Kent Craver .
for flyers it is about more elbow room , but for suppliers it is increasingly an issue that could affect earnings .
as Reuters first reported in July , seat layout is exactly what drives the battle between the latest jets .
Boeing 's performance claims depend in part on comparing the 10-abreast 777X with an original 9-abreast 777 design .
" the reason Boeing are doing this is to cram more seats in to make their plane more competitive with our products , " said Kevin Keniston , head of passenger comfort at Europe 's Airbus .
on the other hand , analysts say full 10-seat-per-row cabins for existing 777s suggest many passengers are voting for the denser layout , which may go hand in hand with cheaper fares .
until recently , Airbus was stressing the need for more cabin customization by offering wider aisle seats on some of its jets .
without the support of the only other maker of large modern jets , experts say its call for a new industry standard is unlikely to fly , but could distract from a wave of 777X sales .
the new vaccine contains a harmless virus that has been engineered to carry the genetic information to make anti-nicotine antibodies .
the antibodies hunt down any nicotine molecules in the bloodstream , neutralising them before they reached the brain , preventing a smoker from getting a nicotine hit .
but mice who had not been given the vaccine " chilled out , " say the researchers , a sign that the nicotine had reached their brains .
but the cost of the new vaccine is likely to be far lower , because it turns liver cells into antibody factories .
Prof Crystal said that if a future human vaccine was completely safe it could be given to children before they were tempted to try a cigarette , preventing nicotine addiction .
" they will know if they start smoking again , they will receive no pleasure from it due to the nicotine vaccine , and that can help them kick the habit , " he said .
former NSW minister Joe Tripodi has denied changing maritime leases policy at the request of his political mentor Eddie Obeid , who had hidden interests in three properties on government-controlled land .
it 's now investigating allegations Mr Tripodi knew of Mr Obeid 's secret interest in the properties , after evidence given by Mr Tripodi 's former deputy chief of staff , Lynne Ashpole , on Thursday .
during years of discussions starting in 2005 the government had been pushing for the leases to go to public tender .
Mr Tripodi , who was ports minister from February 2006 until November 2009 , was initially in favour of public tenders .
but he denied the changes were made at the request of Mr Obeid , who Mr Tripodi acknowledged was urging a shift in government lease policy .
" was the matter being discussed in the course of these telephone conversations the development of the commercial lease policy , " Assistant Commissioner Anthony Whealy asked Mr Tripodi .
Israeli warplanes struck a target inside the Syrian port city of Latakia Thursday night , a senior administration official confirms to Fox News .
historically , that meant it was white labour that had to be protected - and if some in the region saw echoes of that historic artifact , I wouldn 't be surprised .
immigration Minister Brendan O 'Connor , who was yesterday in Sri Lanka where he is meeting officials about people smuggling , has implemented five of the recommended changes with the remainder under consideration .
meanwhile , a 35-year-old Sri Lankan asylum seeker died of a suspected heart attack after arriving on an asylum boat at Christmas Island this week .
a study aiming to increase the benefits to Scotland of the HS2 rail project has been announced by the UK government .
Scottish transport minister Keith Brown said he was " excited " to work with the UK government on the plan .
in June the government revised the estimated cost of building the high-speed link between London and the North of England from £ 32.7bn to £ 42.6bn.
this is to include the possibility of eventual journey times from Glasgow and Edinburgh to London of three hours or less .
but it is also about connectivity , across the UK 18 cities including Glasgow and Edinburgh will be better connected because of HS2 .
for the Scottish government , Keith Brown called on Mr Carmichael to " unequivocally " back Scotland 's inclusion in the HS2 network .
Mr Brown said : " high speed rail has the potential to bring huge economic benefits to Scotland , but also adds Scotland 's economic weight to the overall case for high speed rail across Britain . "
so we are excited to work in partnership with the UK Government to examine options for bringing high speed rail to Scotland , creating benefit for all and complementing the Glasgow-Edinburgh line which the Scottish Government is already planning .
I look forward to reviewing the report of the investigation with UK ministers next year and together decide on the next steps .
Australian airline passengers will need to continue turning off their tablets and smart phones during take-off and landing despite moves in the US to loosen regulations covering the devices .
Australian carriers are looking at the decision , which requires US carriers to undertake a massive amount of work to meet the requirements , but have indicated they have no immediate plans to change their procedures .
the issue is covered by regulations which require aircraft operators to ensure safety is maintained at all times and passengers to comply with the safety instructions given by crew members .
Virgin , which has already been talking to CASA about extending the use its in-flight wi-fi entertainment system , was amenable to a change but said it would take its lead from the regulator .
" our current policy is that electronic devices cannot be used during take-off and landing and we have no immediate plans to change that , " it said .
however , we are always interested in regulatory developments that could benefit passengers and we will certainly be taking a close look at the FAA 's decision and the reasons behind it .
for US carriers , the impact of the ruling will vary from airline to airline and will depend on the age of their fleet .
carriers will need to prove their planes can tolerate radio interference from mobile devices as well as revise manuals , training materials , carry-on baggage programs and passenger briefings .
" once an airline verifies the tolerance of its fleet , it can allow passengers to use handheld , lightweight electronic devices such as tablets , e-readers , and smartphones-at all altitudes , " the FAA said .
the group also recommended that heavier devices should be safely stowed under seats or in overhead bins during take-off and landing .
the south stand , on the other hand , where the most loyal - and the loudest - of BVB fans stand , was initially unusually quiet : no singing and no battle cries .
and right at the front , on the stand , a single large flag with the text " Stadium Ban Section " blew in the wind .
even stadium announcer , Norbert Dickel , speaking once again of the successful results in recent days - the derby victory , the win against Arsenal , the contract extension of coach Jörgen Klopp - did not raise spirits .
as always , the south stand was left until the end , and finally the stand resumed its usual role as the loudest section of the stadium .
immediately before the local district derby against FC Schalke 04 , some of the travelling BVB fans fired flares into the crowds of spectators and onto the pitch - and in so doing almost hit goalkeeper Roman Weidenfeller .
" there will be massive impact for the entire Ultra movement , " announced the BVB Chairman on Thursday evening at a panel discussion in Frankfurt .
as an immediate measure , Watzke prohibited the Ultras from organising choreography for the home match against VfB Stuttgart .
in addition , the Ultras were given the option of several different punishments - they now have until Tuesday to decide which one to accept .
at a pawnshop in Bendemeer shopping centre in Singapore , Janani Amirthalinga is swapping a gold bangle , ring and pair of earrings to pay her daughters " school fees .
" my husband and I have just bought a house so all my money 's stuck there , " Mrs Amirthalinga says .
even though she earns S $ 3,000 ( $ 2,400 ) a month as an administrator and her husband works as well , the monthly family income is insufficient , she says .
pawning jewellery is not merely a fast way to land cash - S $ 1,300 in Ms Amirthalinga 's case - but almost as cheap as unsecured bank loans .
typically pawnbrokers in Singapore charge an effective annual percentage rate of 17 per cent , just above the 15.4 per cent offered at United Overseas Bank , a local lender with a branch in the same shopping centre .
however , pawnbrokers have the advantage of not requiring credit checks or proof of salary , and can arrange loans faster than banks .
hence millions of people across the region are turning to pawnshops as families feel the squeeze from rising living costs and ballooning household and consumer debt .
this week Standard & Poor 's , the rating agency , cited increasing household leverage , mainly from rising mortgages , as a risk factor for Asian banks " creditworthiness .
economists are also worried about high levels of consumer debt in Thailand , which this week narrowly emerged from technical recession .
historically high prices for gold in the past two years have added to the rush to pawn personal belongings , as people take the opportunity to cash in the value of their family jewellery .
in Singapore , about 70 per cent of items pawned at the city-state 's 200 pawn outlets are gold .
people are saying " the gold price looks good , let 's pawn grandma 's gold chain and get it back next month .
in Thailand the largest pawnshop operator , EasyMoney , has seen an up to 20 per cent rise in the number of customers using its outlets in recent months .
while some discount lenders have come under fire for high interest rates , Ms Yeah says that not only does pawning offer cheaper rates than other lenders , it also does not add directly to debt .
" customers are mortgaging items that they already own , and monetising personal assets does not increase household debt , " she says .
" they include wealthy individuals who need to borrow short term for business ventures or investments , or small businesses with a need to tide over their cash flow needs , " says Ms Yeah .
the Federal Government insists a $ 325 million rescue package for Tasmania 's ailing health system has tough conditions attached that will ensure the State Government can 't waste the funds .
Federal Health Minister Tanya Plibersek has announced the Commonwealth is taking " urgent action " to head off a crisis caused by the island state 's aging population , higher rates of chronic disease and system constraints .
there 's also money for walk-in clinics in Hobart and Launceston , better after-hospital care , medical specialist training , mental health services and the rollout of personal electronic health record systems in local hospitals .
" these investments respond to the ideas that front-line clinicians have told me will be the best ways to tend to Tasmania 's health system , " Ms Plibersek said .
a three-person commission will be set up to ensure the state is delivering services as effectively and efficiently as possible .
Mr Wilkie today said the $ 325 million would count for little " unless it 's followed by genuine reform to put Tasmania 's public health system on a more sustainable footing . "
he nevertheless praised the Government for responding to his request for urgent assistance which he first raised with the Prime Minister at the beginning of May .
" the reason we are here is that the Labor State Government ripped $ 430 million out of its health system , " he told ABC TV .
you can 't have a state government ripping out almost half-a-billion dollars and the Commonwealth put in $ 300 million and pretend it 's a good news day .
Mr Dutton called on Ms Plibersek to guarantee that not one dollar out of the rescue package would be spent on additional bureaucracy .
unfolding in 1760s France , it tells the grim story of Suzanne , a young aristocrat sent to a convent by her family .
when she rebels , she experiences extreme cruelty at the hands of a wantonly sadistic Mother Superior and becomes an object of erotic fascination for another .
the completion of what is essentially the initial stage of destruction is a significant milestone in an ambitious timeline that aims to destroy all of Damascus ' chemical weapons by mid-2014 .
the country is believed to have around 1,000 metric tons of chemicals and weapons including mustard gas and the nerve agent sarin .
the announcement came as fighting raged Thursday in the town of Safira , which experts say is home to a chemical weapons production facility as well as storage sites , reported the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights .
the activist group , which has been tracking the death toll through a network of activists in Syria , said Thursday that 120,296 people have died .
on the government side , it said 29,954 are members of President Bashar Assad 's armed forces , 18,678 are pro-government fighters and 187 are Lebanese Hezbollah militants .
also among the dead it said were 2,202 army defectors and some 5,375 opposition fighters , many of them foreigners .
Assad 's troops have been battling rebels , many of them linked to al-Qaida groups , in Safira for weeks .
earlier this week , the inspectors said they had completed their first round of verification work , visiting 21 of 23 sites declared by Damascus .
on Thursday , OPCW said the two locations were , according to Syria , " abandoned and ... the chemical weapons program items they contained were moved to other declared sites , which were inspected . "
it was not immediately clear if the facility in Safira was one of the two sites that OPCW inspectors were not able to visit .
Syria has submitted a plan for the total destruction of its chemical weapons that has to be approved next month by the OPCW 's executive committee .
" I salute the fortitude and courage you 've all demonstrated in fulfilling the most challenging mission ever undertaken by this organization , " the watchdog 's director-general , Ahmet Uzumcu , said in comments released by the OPCW .
now in its third year , the civil war pits the primarily Sunni Muslim rebels against Assad 's government and its security forces , which are stacked with members of his Alawite sect , an offshoot of Shiite Islam .
in other developments , the Observatory 's chief Rami Abdurrahman said there had been a strong explosion Wednesday inside an air defense facility in Syria 's coastal province of Latakia .
survivors and relatives of the 202 people killed in the 2002 Bali bombing have reacted with anger over the sentence given to the last of the plotters to face justice , saying Umar Patek should face a firing squad .
Patek , who spent almost 10 years on the run as one of South-East Asia 's most wanted , was yesterday sentenced to 20 years in jail for his role in building the explosive devices used in the bombing .
the 45-year-old was found guilty of mass murder for the attack on two nightclubs in the popular tourist area of Kuta which left 202 people dead , including 88 Australians , and injured scores more .
he was also found guilty of a number of other terrorism-related charges , including a wave of bombings of churches across Indonesia on Christmas Eve in 2000 .
prosecutors had demanded a life sentence , although they could have pushed that the man dubbed the " Demolition Man " for his reputation as a master bomb-maker be sentenced to death .
he lapsed into a month-long coma in the wake of the bombing , and " died " three times while on life support .
Mr Hughes said Patek should have shared the same fate as three other members of the Jemaah Islamiah terror cell responsible for the carnage - Amrozi , Mukhlas and Imam Samudra - who were executed four years ago .
he had avoided capture for almost a decade but was eventually apprehended in January 2011 in the Pakistani town of Abbottabad , where US forces killed former al-Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden less than four months later .
during the trial , an FBI agent testified that intelligence reports had revealed Patek was in Pakistan to meet with bin Laden in an effort to re-establish links between South-East Asian terrorist groups and al-Qaeda .
the verdict comes ahead of the 10th anniversary of the attack later this year , which will be marked by ceremonies in Bali and Australia .
how fast the change is implemented will vary by the airline , FAA Administrator Michael Huerta said at a news conference .
" depending on the condition of the plan , we could approve expanded use of electronic devices very soon , " the FAA said in a statement .
currently , passengers are required to turn off their smartphones , tablets and other devices once a plane 's door closes .
they 're not supposed to restart them until the planes reach 10,000 feet and the captain gives the go-ahead .
most new airliners and other planes that have been modified so that passengers can use Wifi at higher altitudes are expected to meet the criteria .
but connecting to the Internet to surf , exchange emails , text or download data will still be prohibited below 10,000 feet , the agency said .
last month , National Transportation Safety Board Mark Rosenker , a CBS News national transportation safety expert , said that cell phones are still considered a risk .
an industry advisory committee created by the FAA to examine the issue recommended last month that the government permit greater use of personal electronic devices .
critics such as Sen. Claire McCaskill , D-Mo . , contend there is no valid safety reason for the prohibitions .
some studies indicate as many as a third of passengers forget or ignore directions to turn off their devices .
the FAA began restricting passengers ' use of electronic devices in 1966 in response to reports of interference with navigation and communications equipment when passengers began carrying FM radios , the high-tech gadgets of their day .
new airliners are far more reliant on electrical systems than previous generations of aircraft , but they are also designed and approved by the FAA to be resistant to electronic interference .
the vast majority of airliners should qualify for greater electronic device use under the new guidelines , Huerta said .
other committee members said there are only anecdotal reports from pilots to support that the devices can interfere with aircraft systems , and most of those reports are very old .
however , the committee recommended the FAA allow pilots to order passengers to shut off devices during instrument landings in low visibility .
a travel industry group welcomed the changes , calling them common-sense accommodations for a traveling public now bristling with technology .
the water rail was put on a helicopter to Aberdeen last month before being nursed back to health by the Scottish SPCA at its rescue centre in Alloa .
centre manager Colin Seddon said : " this water rail was likely a winter migrant from Northern Europe who got caught up in strong winds over the North Sea . "
business for Britain launched in April with a pledge to bring business together and define what the UK 's wealth and job creators want to see changed in our relationship with the EU .
we found that the vast majority of businesses are now looking to export outside of Europe , focusing on countries that are modernising and growing while the EU states stagnate .
this finding , which was reflected across the sizes and major business groups , shows that business is pushing for a " meaningful change " that brings powers back to the UK .
the Prime Minister should be in no doubt : this poll shows that British business backs his plan for renegotiating the terms of Britain 's membership of the EU .
a better deal for British business is possible , and increasingly necessary as the eurozone embarks on the road to closer economic and fiscal union .
the priority must be jobs and growth in Britain and , as the findings of our poll show , for business this means a renewed focus on trade and a fundamental change in Brussels " regulatory approach .
a contractual dispute between Gazprom and its counterparts in Ukraine , which hosts most of Russia 's gas for Europe , adds a layer of risk to conventional routes , officials say .
Miller said the direct connection to Bulgaria , a member of the European Union , means geopolitical risks associated with transit countries are eliminated " forever . "
Bulgarian consumers will receive gas from South Stream at a discounted rate once the entire project starts operating in 2015 .
this was the message of the 9th ' Immobilientag ' ( Property Day ) organised by the Börsen Zeitung ( stock exchange newspaper ) .
the German property markets are benefiting from the country 's economic strength and general conditions which , compared with the rest of Europe , are very competitive .
the extent to which German commercial properties are sought after is evident in the transaction volumes , said Ulbrich .
in the first three quarters of this year , there was an increase of 31 % compared to the same period the year before .
the FAA is easing restrictions on the use of electronic gadgets on airplanes - though chatting on cellphones will still be prohibited .
rather than being rattled by the U.S. government shutdown , investors kept their focus on what probably matters more : the Federal Reserve .
the California woman plans to challenge what may be a first-of-its-kind citation , saying the Internet-connected eyewear makes navigation easier .
even close allies keep things from one another - and work every angle to find out what 's being held back .
two YMCA NSW employees had been charged with child sex offences before allegations were raised against Caringbah child care worker Jonathan Lord in 2011 , the child sexual abuse Royal Commission has heard .
Mr Hare told Gail Furness , counsel assisting the Commission , he knew about the first case but did not know about the second one .
he conceded the YMCA 's opening statement to the commission was also inaccurate in claiming " there have been external audits of the YMCA that have recognised the YMCA as being at the forefront of child safety . "
earlier this year Lord was convicted for sexual offences against 12 boys during the two years he worked at the YMCA .
but Mr Hare rejected the suggestion the YMCA had a cultural problem which prevented staff from reporting Lord 's breaches of child safety .
staff gave evidence they observed breaches including Lord being alone with children , babysitting them privately , having them sit on his lap , saying he loved one and letting them play with his mobile phone .
Mr Hare said the decision to get staff to sign confidentiality agreements soon after the allegations emerged was made by YMCA general manager of children 's services Liam Whitley .
he said there were " serious problems " in recruitment , screening , induction , training and supervision of staff .
Tony Blair said he 'd seize the chance to return as Britain 's prime minister - but acknowledges a comeback is unlikely .
in an interview overnight to mark the fifth anniversary of his departure from office , the 59-year-old aired his views on various domestic policies .
the inseparable pair - who are the same height - were commended for appearance , behaviour and style at the annual contest run by Sunnybank Equestrian Centre , in Rudry near Cardiff .
taking to the stage against men and women in smart bowler hats , he tipped his flat cap at a jaunty angle and paraded two-year-old Toffee around the ring .
they were up against all comers but the two of them walked off with the gold cup and rosette .
it was only the second time he had competed with Toffee and we were all ecstatic when he won .
the youngster , from the village of Nantyglo , near Ebbw Vale , South Wales , is following in the footsteps of his aunt Sharon Howells , who has been showing horses for more than 10 years .
Fenton is animal mad - he loves horses , tractors and farms and has got two chickens which he looks after .
the way he has started he 'll be at the Horse of the Year show before long - and I 'm sure he 'll do well .
a spokesman for the annual horse show said : " Fenton is only three but he knows how to handle his pony . "
they look for good teamwork between the pony and the handler - Fenton and Toffee were the best in the ring .
a Chinese newspaper that made a front-page appeal for the release of a reporter accused of defamation is to be overhauled , a press regulator says .
but Mr Chen subsequently admitted on television that he had taken bribes to fabricate stories about a part state-owned company .
the " rectification " order came from the Guangdong Administration of Press and Publication , Radio , Film and Television .
a preliminary investigation showed that Yangcheng Evening News Group 's New Express had published several untrue reports about listed company Zoomlion in the period of September 2012 to August 2013 .
it said it had decided to " impose an administrative penalty on Chen Yongzhou by revoking his reporter 's license . "
after he was detained , his newspaper published two front-page appeals for his release , saying it backed his journalism .
" in this case I 've caused damages to Zoomlion and also the whole news media industry and its ability to earn the public 's trust , " he told state broadcaster CCTV .
following Mr Chen 's apology , New Express issued a front-page apology , saying it had failed to properly check his reports .
one of the most sophisticated drug smuggling tunnels between the USA and Mexico has been found , complete with its own lighting , ventilation and electric rail systems .
us authorities described the four foot by three foot tunnel as one of the most sophisticated secret passages they have ever discovered .
the tunnel , which zigzags the length of nearly six football pitches , links warehouses near Tijuana , Mexico and San Diego , USA .
authorities seized eight-and-a-half tons of marijuana and 327 pounds of cocaine in connection with the tunnel 's discovery , according to court records .
some of the largest tunnels have been discovered after central Mexico 's marijuana harvest in October , which presents drug cartels with a challenge of how to quickly get their product to consumers .
in 2010 , authorities found a roughly 700-yard passage equipped with rail tracks that extended from the kitchen of a Tijuana home to two San Diego warehouses .
in an interview with US journalist Katie Couric , which is to be broadcast on Friday ( local time ) , Bloom said , " sometimes life doesn 't go exactly as we plan or hope for . "
for while vegetarians allow themselves to consume cream tarts , ice cream or a strong Edam , these indulgences are off the menu for vegans .
milk , cheese , egg - alongside avoiding meat and fish , vegans refrain from eating all products of animal origin - even honey is not permitted .
" however , it wasn 't just the diet that convinced me , but also my choice of shoes , " said Proctor , who prefers artificial leather over normal leather .
rather than missing burgers , scrambled eggs or gummi bears , the vegan has quickly discovered entirely new products that really inspire him .
" the temptation factor is a decisive factor in causing many to quickly give up , similar to with smoking , " says Proctor , providing a comparison .
for example , when attending a barbecue party , Proctor brings aubergines , mushrooms and also a few vegan sausages .
" because animals are fed on fodder instead of grazing , it is dubious whether the vitamin B12 content in meat sold in freezers is actually high , " commented Proctor .
" in home cooking , there is much to be discovered - with a few minor tweaks you can achieve good , if not sometimes better results , " said Proctor .
margarine in place of butter , a little more baking powder and bicarbonate of soda in place of egg - Proctor has even managed to astonish his in-laws with his vegan cheese cakes .
" should I feel bad now because I drink milk ? " - as a vegan you have to be tactful in such matters .
and on closer observation , the everyday world does not appear quite so ' un-vegan ' - and vegans are not quite as limited in their everyday lives as is commonly assumed .
" if enough requests are made , they will perhaps be inclined to expand their menus , " he hopes .
" meat dishes , on the other hand , are exclusive , in the truest sense of the word , as they rule others out , " assessed Proctor .
OInce you come to understand that peanuts , in particular , may also contain animal additives as a colourant , people seem to quickly lose courage when following a code of ethics with so many hurdles and pitfalls .
on the other eleven options markets , including two also operated by Nasdaq OMX , business continued as normal .
the most recent incident is the latest in a series of both small and large breakdowns suffered by the stock exchange operator .
as recently as last Tuesday , the Nasdaq indices were not calculated for one hour due to data transfer errors .
first of all , US investment bank Goldman Sachs sent large quantities of incorrect purchase orders to the options markets due to technical problems .
as a result , the stock exchange operators required almost an entire day to look through and delete the orders .
during the subsequent collision , the pedestrian was thrown against the wall of the building , and then fell onto the ground , suffering a laceration to the head that measured around 15 centimetres in length .
Btitish police served an extradition notice today on WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange , who has taken refuge in Ecuador 's embassy in London and requested asylum .
Scotland Yard said they had served a " surrender notice " on the 40-year-old Australian requiring him to appear at a police station , adding that failure to do so would make him further liable to arrest .
Scotland Yard has " served a surrender notice upon a 40-year-old man that requires him to attend a police station at date and time of our choosing , " a spokesman said .
Assange fears he will be extradited from Sweden to the United States to face possible espionage charges , after releasing more than 250,000 US diplomatic cables on the WikiLeaks anti-secrecy website .
" but this move could make some foreign investors reticent to buy property in London or current owners reluctant to sell , " he added .
scientists have shed more light on how the movements of a dog 's tail are linked to its mood .
earlier research had revealed that happy dogs wag their tails more to the right ( from the dog 's point of view ) , while nervous dogs have a left-dominated swish .
it will probably not be long before we understand why their tails sometimes go one way , sometimes the other
but when they spotted a tail veer predominantly to the left ( again from the tail-swishing dog 's point of view ) , their heart rates picked up and they looked anxious .
Prof Vallortigara said he didn 't think that the dogs were intentionally communicating with each other through these movements .
instead , he believes that they dogs have learned from experience what moves they should and shouldn 't feel worried about .
the researchers say the findings could give owners , vets and trainers a better insight into their animal 's emotions .
dog behaviour expert John Bradshaw , a visiting fellow at the University of Bristol 's school of veterinary science , said this was not the first study to examine whether left and right were important to canines .
last year a team from the University of Lincoln found that dogs turn their heads to the left when looking at an aggressive dog and to the right when looking at a happy dog .
however , given the ease with which their behaviour can be recorded , it will probably not be long before we understand why their tails sometimes go one way , sometimes the other .
the band 's announcement came after they were forced to similarly postpone a gig at the LG Arena in Birmingham on Thursday .
Pope Francis will create new cardinals of the Catholic Church for his first time on February 22 , the Vatican announced Thursday .
Cardinals are the highest-ranking clergy in the Catholic Church below the pope , and they 're the ones who elect popes , so Francis will be appointing his first group of men who will ultimately help choose his successor .
however , once a cardinal reaches 80 he is no longer permitted to participate in the election of a pope -- this falls to a group of 120 " cardinal electors . "
in a statement announcing the news , Father Federico Lombardi , a Vatican spokesman , said a meeting of all the existing cardinals would be held before the ceremony to elevate the new cardinals , known as a consistory .
Jack Valero of Catholic Voices said that by February , the number of cardinal electors was likely to have dropped .
he said usually a pope would name as many cardinals as was needed to raise the number of cardinal electors back to 120 and as many cardinals aged over 80 as he wanted .
the cardinals will also be the first to be chosen since Francis formed the Council of Cardinals , a group of eight cardinals from around the world tasked with looking into ways to reform the church .
Valero said popes typically elevated bishops from large places to the position of cardinal but that Francis was " full of surprises -- so we don 't know who he 'll name . "
general Motors Co is recalling nearly 19,000 of its all-new 2014 Chevrolet Silverado and GMC Sierra pickup trucks to repair a problem with the manual reclining seatback , according to a notice from U.S. auto safety regulators on Friday .
" if the vehicle is struck from behind , the head restraint may not properly protect occupants , increasing the risk of injury , " according to the notice posted on the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration website .
GM 's truck roll-out began in June and represents the most important vehicle launch for the No. 1 U.S. automaker since its 2009 bankruptcy restructuring .
NHTSA could not review the owner notification letter due to the 16-day government shutdown , which tempered auto sales growth in October .
sales of the Silverado and Sierra trucks , which were redesigned for the 2014 model year , were up about 20 percent during the first 10 months of the year , GM said on Friday .
it 's a book that I thought would uplift me during the doldrums of second-year medical school , and renew in me a sense of hope .
it 's called " The Audacity to Win , " and it 's a memoir of Barack Obama 's 2008 presidential campaign .
it 's hard to remember those days of optimism -- they seem a distant memory , a sad reminder of opportunities gone by .
moreover , I believe that partisan obstructionism has upended too many efforts to push our nation forward : immigration reform , a public option for health care , and closing the base at Guantanamo Bay , among others .
but , after the countless times in which I have found myself defending the Obama administration to colleagues and peers , I 've reached a limit to the explanations that I can provide .
it cannot account for assassinating Anwar al-Awlaki , an American citizen , without a trial , nor shirking public funding and spending limits during presidential campaigns .
it cannot justify the findings of a report that says the White House 's efforts to silence the media are the " most aggressive ... since the Nixon Administration . "
if , at 18 years old , I was supposed to figure out that governance may contradict the political campaigns that precede it .
obviously , elective office isn 't a predictable course , as the opposing political party and random events , such as the Newtown massacre , will shape our public conversation .
yet , of all of the examples that I have listed above , they largely seem to be of the administration 's own choosing .
Mitt Romney presented a confusing and unrefined alternative who could not seem to lock down his policies or his positions .
at a post-mortem campaign meeting , he told his staff that they needed to get back on track and stay true to the purpose of their cause .
billionaire MP Clive Palmer says Prime Minister Tony Abbott has a conflict of interest over his parental leave scheme because his daughters might get pregnant and benefit from it .
the mining magnate , who is in a dispute about paying a $ 6 million carbon tax bill , made the claim as he tried to brush off questions about whether he had a conflict .
the Palmer United Party could control up to four votes in the Senate that may be crucial in deciding if the carbon and mining taxes are axed .
why is it that we shouldn 't have a system where you can walk in , punch your details into a computer , vote immediately and have a result at 6.30 that night ?
the Electoral Commission has been studying options for electronic voting and recently released a joint discussion paper with New Zealand .
Mr Palmer , 59 , said his policies included an international airport for the Sunshine Coast and he would take " very seriously " his new job .
the two traders would be the first RBS employees to be suspended in the widening probe that echoes the Libor interbank lending manipulation scandal .
last month , people close to the situation said that RBS had turned over records of emails and instant messages to the UK regulator , the Financial Conduct Authority , sent to and from a former trader .
this trader , Richard Usher , left RBS in 2010 and is understand to have be given leave from his current position as European head of forex spot trading at JPMorgan .
Rohan Ramchandani , head of European spot trading at Citi , went on leave this week , while Matt Gardiner , a former senior currencies trader at Barclays and UBS , was suspended by Standard Chartered this week .
Mr Usher 's instant message group included bankers at Barclays and Citigroup , people close to the situation said .
UBS said this week it had taken action against some of its employees after the Swiss regulator , FINMA , said it was investigating suspected manipulation of the foreign exchange market at a number of Swiss banks .
HSBC , Citigroup , JPMorgan and Credit Suisse have also launched internal probes or received requests for information from regulators , said people familiar with the situation .
some bankers have tried to play down the affair by saying the vast and highly liquid foreign exchange market is almost impossible to manipulate , but senior traders are saying this is not necessarily true .
the news came on the same day as Credit Suisse announced it had dismissed a trader at its London exchange traded funds desk this week after he had caused a nearly $ 6m loss late last year .
" we are confident the trader acted alone and that the matter has been contained , " Credit Suisse said .
a group belonging to the " Schweizer Wiese " citizen 's initiative has given the hoarding on the Bechtle plot on the spa promenade in Bad Herrenalb a face-lift .
the planned covering of the dilapidated house to the rear of the plot was not permitted for safety reasons , as the premises were at risk of collapsing .
Alfred Abel , who currently manages the site , arranged the ' face-lift ' in cooperation with his colleague , Reinhard Domke , from the citizen 's initiative .
before the citizen 's initiative project , a banner with the message " We are in favour " was put up .
however , this did little to distract the 20 or so members of the citizen 's initiative from their project .
in so doing they wanted to point out the danger of even bigger ruins on the Schweizer Wiese - should the huge project one day fail .
" there is currently a dangerous trend , with Mane and Alan being dubbed as ' divers ' , " he said at a press conference in Salburg on Thursday , in defence of the two tricky offensive players .
Harkam also played " his part " in the escalation between Salzburg Coach Roger Schmidt and Grödig Trainer Adi Hütter after the game .
in a major victory for the Obama administration , the US Supreme Court today ruled Barack Obama 's signature health care law is constitutional .
chief Justice John Roberts sided with the four more liberal members of the court while Justices Scalia , Thomas , Alito and Kennedy dissented .
the court also upheld the remaining sections of the 2700 page law , and further held that the health care law 's requirement that states increase Medicaid eligibility or else lose all federal Medicaid funding is not unconstitutionally coercive .
the law was vigorously opposed by each of the major Republican presidential candidates during the 2012 primary season , including presumptive nominee Mitt Romney .
due to the low level of sunshine , from autumn until spring the village of Rjukan in the Vestfjord valley normally languishes in the shadows of the surrounding mountains .
up until now , those hungry for sunshine in the winter had to travel to a nearby peak by cable car .
ten years ago , local artist Martin Andersen presented the proposal of directing the sun into the valley using mirrors .
after several years of debate , the Town Council finally approved the project , which cost 5 million krone ( around EUR 615,000 ) .
only the post boxes in front of the post office building at Ernst-Ludwig-Straße 36 and at Jakob-Müller-Straße 1 in Hüttenfeld are still emptied .
whether there are still Sunday collections in Hofheim and Rosengarten is not addressed in the inquiry by the FDP .
" the company is radically and unacceptably cutting back on this , despite the price increase for letters in January 2013 .
" at least the post boxes in the districts of Neuschloß and Rosengarten must still be emptied on Sundays , " said Bittner and Röhrenbeck in unison .
it is also the case for the town centre that those citizens in particular who are not mobile must also be able to access a post box with a Sunday collection on foot .
in the Town Parliament , Röhrenbeck asked whether the Town Council was planning discussions with the postal service regarding this matter .
this increase will not , however , be the result of raised prices , but rather the fact that time interval permitted by parking meters and ticketing machines will be reduced from 30 to 20 minutes .
the Retail Committee of the Frankfurt Chamber of Industry and Commerce believes that this is " not a good idea . "
the option of parking right outside their businesses is " an advantage to smaller retailers that must not be underestimated .. "
the Verkehrsclub Deutschland ( German Traffic Club ) is of the opinion that an increase after two decades is " completely appropriate and actually long overdue . "
the Alb men stood on the other side of the net with what was undoubtedly a more experienced team .
they repeatedly missed the passes and attacks coming cleanly over the net from Simon Schenk and Eduard Schulz and their blocking game was not up to scratch .
faced with this overwhelming and match-determining performance , the third set was won following a somewhat tame and spiritless performance , for a final score of 3 : 0 ( 25 : 13 , 25 : 14 , 25 : 22 ) .
TSV Freudenstadt I : Dominik Bäuerle , Yannik Büchle , Sebastian Dölker , Felix Pälchen , Stefan Räller , Simon Schenk and Eduard Schulz .
nerves on both sides , particularly when receiving the ball , resulted in errors and lost points ; there was even a lack of passing at times and at some critical moments overeagerness saw potential points wasted .
however , in this evenly matched game , the great physical effort of Marcus Blasutto 's TSV team proved decisive in spite of tremendous commitment by both teams .
following suggestions from the population , the of the valley in the area of the cottage was to be cleared , said Mayor Helmut Kaiser .
according to Kaiser , many hikers refer to this area as the showpiece of the Schluchtensteig , where the landscape provides the ideal framework for fantastic views .
certain species , such as rare butterflies or grasshoppers , cannot get past barriers in the form of forest areas .
Tribukait said that she did not want to fail to use this opportunity to say a word in defence of the planned biosphere area .
one group of helpers were to take care of the clearance of juniper bushes and the maintenance of a dry stone wall .
the group that owns thousands of former Nortel patents filed a barrage of patent lawsuits on Thursday against cell phone manufacturers including Google , the company it outbid in the Nortel bankruptcy auction .
Samsung , Huawei and HTC all manufacture phones that operate on Google 's Android operating system , which competes fiercely with Apple and Microsoft mobile products .
after losing out to Rockstar on the Nortel patents , Google went on to acquire Motorola Mobility for $ 12.5 billion , a deal driven partly by Motorola 's library of patents .
" despite losing in its attempt to acquire the patents-in-suit at auction , Google has infringed and continues to infringe , " the lawsuit said .
Mohamed Morsi takes the oath of office but his day of triumph is unlikely to mark end of political strife in Egypt .
Islamist Mohamed Morsi promised a " new Egypt " as he took the oath of office to become the country 's first freely elected president , succeeding Hosni Mubarak who was ousted 16 months ago .
at his inauguration before the Supreme Constitutional Court , Morsi also became the Arab world 's first freely elected Islamist president and Egypt 's fifth head of state since the overthrow of the monarchy some 60 years ago .
hundreds of soldiers and policemen guarded the building as Morsi arrived shortly after 11am local time in a small motorcade .
he was given an official welcome by an army band that played the national anthem as he stood to attention .
his arrival was greeted with chants of , " The army and the people are one hand , " from the hundreds gathered in the university 's main lecture room .
established in 1908 as a bastion of secular education , Cairo University later became a stronghold of Islamist student groups in the 1970s .
but by agreeing to take the official oath before the court , rather than before parliament as is customary , he is bowing to the military 's will in an indication that the contest for power will continue .
this Friday evening , the " Pump this party " event will be taking place , while one day later , on Saturday evening , festivities will continue with an over-25s party .
the man from Lamprechtshausen wanted to replace a broken heating sensor on the external facade of a guest house .
as he was climbing the ladder , which was resting on the roof guttering , it slipped away and the man fell onto the concrete below .
the then 21-year-old had raped anene Booysen in February in an industrial estate in Bredasdorp , near Capetown .
during the trial , Kana admitted to having been in a bar with Booysen on the night of the attack .
he also admitted to beating and raping her , however he denied being responsible for the death of the girl .
the police had initially assumed that there were multiple attackers , however , they released two suspects from custody as the evidence against them was insufficient .
during the proceedings the public prosecution also emphasised that they were convinced that Kana was alone at the time of the attack .
rapes are almost part of everyday life in South Africa : there are around 64,000 reports of sexual assault every year .
this is almost ten times as many as in Germany , although with a population of 82 million people , Germany has a much higher number of residents than South Africa ( 50 million ) .
Uli , boss of the large ham factory in Schwarzwald , explained to Jumbo how the Bonndorf company , " Adler , " operates .
" I would be curious what would happen if you were to measure Roberto Blanco , " said Jumbo cynically .
the company has upgraded its full year profit forecast and is looking to record earnings from holidaymakers in Australia and the United Kingdom .
the travel company now expects its full year underlying profit before tax to be between $ 325 million and $ 340 million , compared with the $ 305 million to $ 315 million it previously forecast .
managing director Graham Turner said Flight Centre had made 8 per cent profit in the first half and had started the second half strongly especially in Australian and UK non-business travel .
" year-to-date , our 10 countries are profitable and several are on track for record full-year earnings before interest and tax contributions , " he said .
in Australia the leisure business rebounded during the second half which offset a slightly weaker domestic corporate travel market .
its US business had recovered its losses during its seasonally weaker first half and was expected to deliver its third consecutive full year profit .
English literature courses will require pupils to study at least one Shakespeare play , a 19th century novel , Romantic poetry and contemporary British fiction from 1914 onwards .
the Department for Education is due to release the new syllabuses in English and maths tomorrow - the first subjects to undergo a radical overhaul .
in a separate move , Ofqual , the exams regulator , will unveil a shake-up of the structure of GCSEs , with a new grading system and less coursework .
by comparison , Australian schools provide an average of 143 hours a year and pupils do around 138 hours in Singapore .
the most beautiful rabbits of various breeds and colourings will be presented at the District Exhibition this weekend in the community centre .
here breeders from the clubs in the District of Soest will be exhibiting their best animals , while young private individuals from Wickeder are also showing their rabbits .
the rabbit show will , however , be open to all visitors from 10 : 00 a.m. on Saturday and from 10 : 00 a.m. until 3 : 30 p.m. on Sunday , which will be followed by the prize ceremony .
guests are also invited to take part in a tombola with impressive prizes and to sample some delicious food from the cafeteria .
the 46-year-old actress revealed her latest look while out and about in LA on Wednesday and shared a snap on her Twitter page .
it 's the first time in 20 years that the blonde beauty has had short hair , and we 're loving the demure change .
the Ecumenical Discussion Forum is an initiative of the Catholic and Protestant churches in Salem , the Salem Castle and the Lake Constance District Cultural Office .
at the forum , Johanna Rahner wants to address the question of how people today view the " end times " after death .
they have " provided us with so many question marks , that we seem to have lost our exclamation marks . "
associated with this is the matter of that longing , " that dreams that everything will be good at the end . "
Johanna Rahner , born in 1962 in Baden-Baden , studied Catholic theology and biology from 1982 to 1989 at the Albert Ludwig 's University in Freiburg .
a post-doctoral lecturing qualification in fundamental theology and ecumenical theology followed in 2003 at the Westfalian Wilhelm 's University .
since 2010 , Johanna Rahner has occupied a Chair for Systematic Theology in the Institute for Catholic Theology at the University of Kassel .
Geislingen : more than 100 young Catholics from Kleiner Heuberg stand together in the confirmation of their profession of faith
in two services , 101 15 and 16-year-olds from the Am Kleinen Heuberg pastoral care unit were confirmed .
in the morning , the service was accompanied by the Laudato-Si Group , while the afternoon service featured ' The Spirit ' youth choir .
upon receiving the confirmation sacrament , the young people accepted their baptism and asked for the power of the Holy Spirit .
over recent months those being confirmed , under the direction of Deacon Reiner Dehner and the assistance of several church members , have been preparing for the special day .
in fantastic weather , 214 cyclists came to Illmensee to take on the circuit , over the hills and around the lake .
among the participants there were also numerous amateur cyclists who wanted the chance to practice their hobby in a competitive environment , in particular over the short distance of 15 kilometres with a 300 metre climb .
two top-class junior cyclists were also in the starting line-up for the competition : Felix Bader from Bad Waldsee and Pascal Treubel from Aach-Linz came with the recommendation of having achieved good positions at the German Championships .
in the ladies ' race it was Theresa Duelli of Team Albtraum who managed to take top place on the podium .
participants ' ages were also wide-ranging , with the youngest starters at ten years old up to the oldest at over 70 .
together with a team mate , Pangerl has already twice been crowned World Champion in the 12-hour race .
after 45 kilometres and a climb of 900 metres , the leading riders were neck and neck on the final straight in front of the Drei-Seen-Hall .
for 21 years , Georges Bwelle watched his ill father slip in and out of consciousness , traveling to hospitals that weren 't equipped to help him .
you can leave home at 5 a.m. , running to the hospital to be the first , and you are not the first .
in Cameroon , there is only one doctor for every 5,000 people , according to the World Health Organization .
two out of five people in the country live below the poverty line , and nearly three-quarters of the country 's health-care spending is private .
almost every Friday , he and up to 30 people jam into vans , tie medical supplies to the roofs and travel across rough terrain to visit villages in need .
but when they arrive , they receive a true heroes ' welcome : a feast , singing and dancing , and the best accommodations the community can offer .
others might receive crutches , a pair of donated eyeglasses or free birth certificates -- documentation that 's required for school but that many impoverished families simply can 't afford .
operations are usually done in a schoolhouse , town hall or home ; after the procedure , patients get up and walk to the recovery area to make way for the next person .
with the group 's generator lighting the operating room and sanitizing equipment , Bwelle and his volunteers work into the early hours of Sunday morning .
in addition to holding these weekend clinics and working as a hospital surgeon , Bwelle also works nights at private medical clinics around Yaounde .
he is always either at the hospital or trying to make money for the organization so he can go on these campaigns .
for medical and nursing students such as O 'Malley , who come from the United States and Europe to join Bwelle on his missions , it 's a hands-on opportunity they 'd never get at home .
" we 've been able to scrub in on surgeries where we help blot blood away or hold tools for Dr. Bwelle , " O 'Malley said .
helping others live happier lives , fulfilling a promise he made to his father , is something that brings him great joy .
you almost think that you can see the folds in the old man 's neck , of which young fisherman Manolo speaks .
when Santiago sits arched over on the chair , tired of life , this is a genuine emotion for Janson .
Hemingway told the story of a fighter , a courageous man who doesn 't give up and who ultimately wins the battle against the fish as a result of his knowledge and his strong will .
he manages to focus the audience 's attention on himself , with the result that his monologues never become boring , not even for just a moment .
during the course of the performance he has the respective active scene illuminated . Santiago 's cabin and the bar of singer Marie-Luise Gunst , who sings of the Cuban lifestyle , with your songs and beautiful voice .
beneath Cologne , a sewage channel from Roman times , measuring around 120 metres in length , has been preserved .
however , anyone who takes a closer look on parking level D2 will discover an archaeological site , cordoned off by metal railings .
ruins measuring five metres tall , made from stones around the size of the palm of your hand , are waiting to be discovered .
" these are remnants of the Roman city wall , which was built in the second half of the first century A.D , " explains Schulze .
before returning to daylight , Schulze has participants take a glance into a dark , 15-metre shaft on the upper parking level .
here we find the residence of what was once the most powerful man to the north of the Alps , the Praetor of the CCAA .
from the exhibition vestibule , a tunnel leads to the preserved Roman sewer , measuring around 120 metres in length .
" if you want you can take a peaceful stroll along a section of the so-called Cloaca Maxima , " says Schulze , encouraging the guests .
once he has collected the key from the information desk , he leads the group to a 16-metre , accessible shaft .
the Jewish congregation built their bath deep into the ground in order to reach the groundwater essential for ritual washing .
to this day the differing water levels caused by the varying levels of the Rhine can be read at the lower end of the Mikwe , the origins of which trace back to the eighth century .
the Mikwe is to form part of an archaeological area at the Town Hall Square , on which construction work is set to begin shortly .
proceedings for attempted murder , grievous bodily harm and material damage , brought against two 30-year-olds have begun before the Frankfurt District Court .
they are said to have been active within the Rocker scene and to have at the time belonged to the bandidos .
the Public Prosecutor accused them of having stabbed and beaten three men in a car in Finowfurt , together with unknown accomplices .
at the time , a speaker for the court said that it could not be proven that the men had actually been involved in the bloody feud .
the central point of focus was on mobile phone conversations between the accused and third parties , which the police had intercepted .
when asked , Public Prosecutor Stefan Golfier of the Frankfurt ( Oder ) Public Prosecutor 's Office said that new evidence had come to light since the previous trial .
so what could be more natural than to casually pull into the next drive-through to pick yourself up a little treat ?
at the weekend in particular , discarded paper bags can be found at the side of the road and in car parks .
however , the so-called " throwaway society " does not think about such things . they probably do not even know what the term even means .
a few bags won 't make much of a difference there - in contrast to on the street where no-one wants to trample through other peoples ' leftover food .
with hundreds of thousands receiving cancellation notices from their providers , Republicans have slammed the president in recent days for misleading the American public .
addressing what he called the " flurry in the news " about the cancellations , Obama urged Americans receiving these notices to shop for new coverage in the marketplace .
most people are going to be able to get better , comprehensive health care plans for the same price or even cheaper than projected .
" let me say directly to these Americans : you deserve better , " Sebelius said in testimony before the House Energy and Commerce Committee in Washington .
Sebelius , who is overseeing implementation of the Affordable Care Act , said the launch of the online marketplace has gone " miserably " since October .
the target was " missiles and related equipment , " which the Israeli government feared were intended for the Lebanese Hezbollah , according to CNN .
John Kerry has indicated a softening of the U.S 's defensive stance on its surveillance programmes with an unprecedented admission that on occasions its spying has " reached too far inappropriately . "
the Secretary of State also admitted that he 'd been guilty , along with Barack Obama , of being on " automatic pilot " as incendiary revelations from whistleblower Edward Snowden about the NSA 's spying activities emerged .
he then became the first high-ranking member of the U.S government to admit that US spying had crossed the line , but emphasised that no one 's rights had been abused .
Mr Kerry insisted , however , that the NSA was a force for good and that its surveillance operations had saved many lives .
he added : " we 're dealing in a new world where people are willing to blow themselves up . "
Senator Chris Murphy of Connecticut said he spoke with European Parliament members and others this week and is concerned about their threats to stop participating in anti-terrorist organizations because of frustration over surveillance by the National Security Agency .
and I 'm going to Europe to make it clear to them that we need to continue to work together in combatting terrorism , notwithstanding their anger over these NSA programs .
other revelations cited documents leaked by Snowden that the NSA monitored German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's cellphone and those of up to 34 other world leaders .
the national intelligence director , James clapper , defended spying on allies as necessary and said it 's commonplace on both sides .
amid the uproar , Murphy said his office is arranging the congressional trip , expected to take place this year , and hopes the delegation will include members of both parties and both chambers .
while Murphy said the purpose of the trip is to help improve relationships , he said some " tough love " will also be dispensed .
he said European leaders need to be honest with their own people about the kind of espionage programs they 've used for years themselves .
meanwhile , Mr Kerry is scheduled to head this weekend to the Middle East and Poland to address rancor over U.S. strategies in the Syria , Egypt and Iran as well as U.S. surveillance activities .
however , CCTV footage later revealed she had returned to her hotel safely after becoming separated from her Australian boyfriend .
Bamford was sentenced to serve the 15-day prison term at a low security detention centre on the outskirts of Phuket rather than in an adult women 's jail .
she is the daughter of former Australian league player Peter tunks , who has appealed to the Department of Foreign Affairs in Canberra to assist his daughter .
tunks told Sydney 's Sunday Telegraph the whole family was " extremely concerned " about his daughter 's welfare and wanted her back in Australia .
" it 's obviously been a worrying time but we 're hopeful to have her back home safely as soon as possible , " tunks said .
reports in Australia said that in the meantime , she was holidaying at the resort area of Krabi in Southern Thailand .
however , following the recent murder of Australian travel agent Michelle Smith in Phuket , Thailand may also be looking to repair its battered tourist image , leading to an acquittal .

